Storyst_loc_boundaries/11_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


Thomas, dreading the conversation he was about to have, got to Annika’s Finer Diner early.

He had been thinking about breaking up with his girlfriend, Sadie, for 2 months now.

The restaurant was reminiscent of a diner from the 70’s, with black and white checkerboard tiling on the floor, a long bar in the front, and red, leather upholstery on the stools and booths. 

A bell chimed as the door swung open and Sadie entered to find Thomas deep in thought on a stool at the bar.

He stood up and gave her a side hug. 

“How was your day?”, he asked.

She clung onto him, “It was okay- I missed you today.”

He looked away and addressed the hostess coming towards them.

“Can we have a booth in the back?”, Thomas asked.

She shrugged and, as she loudly popped her bubblegum, replied, “Sure, honey, this way.”


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


She led them to the requested booth in the back corner of the diner.  

“Is this alright?”, the hostess asked.

Thomas replied, “This is great- thank you.”

Sadie slipped into the cushioned seat and grabbed Thomas’ hand.

“Tell me about your day!”, Sadie sang as Thomas sat down.

He looked at her silently and pulled his hand slowly from hers.

Sadie gave him a puzzled look.

Thomas looked away and took a deep breath. 

Sadie asked, “What’s wrong?” 

Thomas picked at his fingernails.

Finally, after a few moments, Thomas let out a deep breath and said, “Sadie, I’ve been thinking, and I need a break from this relationship because I need to figure out my career path on my own.”

Sadie sat back in her seat.

Thomas continued, “Things have been really picking up at work and I’m not sure that this is the job I want to do anymore.

It’s been really overwhelming between working and figuring out if I should change careers and I really feel like I need more time to figure it out.” 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


The waiter appeared and interrupted the spiel Thomas had been practicing.

“Hello you two!”, the waiter said.

“Have you decided what you would like?”

Thomas and Sadie realized there were menus on the table, and they glanced at them quickly.

The menus were laminated posters with silly names for all the foods, and since they didn’t want to read through the description they settled on familiar orders.

“I’ll have a burger, no tomatoes,” Thomas said.

Sadie asked about the reuben, and the waiter told her it was excellent.

Once she agreed to get that, he walked away. 

Sadie and Thomas looked at each other. 

“So what are you saying?”, Sadie asked. 

Thomas replied, “I want to take a break for awhile.

You know, have space to figure out what I’m supposed to be doing.”

Finally Sadie reacted and quietly burst into tears. 

Nevertheless, people sitting at the adjacent table looked over and quickly averted their gaze as they realized what was happening. 

“Is this really what you want?

I don’t understand- things were fine, I thought. 

I think we should stay together because we can change how much we hang out. 

We don’t have to hang out all the time, or as much as we do now.”

Thomas chewed on his bottom lip and picked at his now bleeding hangnail. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


Suddenly, the waiter arrived with the burger and reuben and set them on the table.

“Is there anything else I can get for you two?

Will you be getting dessert tonight?”, he asked.

“Oh no, we’re good, thanks,” Thomas said.

Once the waiter had walked away still oblivious to the situation, Thomas sighed and said, “Sadie, I’m sorry.

You are so great, and I love hanging out with you.

But I need some time.

I’m so sorry.”

He grabbed her hand, and she pulled it out of his.

“Sadie,” he said.

 She stood up, grabbed half of the reuben and shook it at him as she growled, “Don’t follow me, and don’t talk to me anymore!

Also, I want my polaroid camera and Beatle’s poster back!”

She stormed off, her heels clacking loudly against the black and white floor, and the bell above the door jingled cheerfully as the door closed behind her.

Thomas sat there for awhile in shock at how quickly everything transpired. 

He grabbed his burger and took a bite of it, creating a dry and fishy taste in his mouth.

He dropped it back on his plate and wondered if the restaurant was responsible for the foul taste. 

