Storyst_loc_boundaries/12_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


It didn’t help the situation that Calvin and Jessie were running late to the airport, since Jessie had already been fuming at Calvin and preparing to end things with him.

Upon arriving, they had only 45 minutes until their international flight would depart from Jamaica for the US.

It had been a tough vacation for them.

Jessie had really had it with Calvin’s constant ramblings about the same excruciatingly boring golfing and work stories, which he insisted on repeating to her regardless of how little interest she showed.

She decided she would break up with him after 6 weeks of thinking about it. 

Calvin knew that Jessie was upset, but wasn't sure what to do besides attempting to carry on as normal and tell stories that took up the silence. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


The security line was luckily very short, and once the online boarding passes were scanned, Calvin took his belt and watch and they put their bags on the conveyor belt before being ushered quickly through the metal detector.

“The infrastructure of this airport is really quite poor," said Calvin as they waited for their bags to emerge from the x-ray machine.

“I really could've hidden something in my shoes quite easily.” 

Jessie, exasperated at his need to broadcast his every inner thought, scowled at the conveyor belt.

“What?”, he asked.

She balled up her fists and turned to face him.

“Calvin, I really don’t think I can do this anymore because I don’t think our personalities are compatible. 

I think it’s best that once we get to the States we part ways for good.” 

Calvin said nothing as he grabbed his bag and quickly walked away.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


Jessie trailed behind him as they made their way quickly toward their gate, A28, shouting at his back in hopes of getting a response.

“So now you have nothing to say?

Every time we talk, you are just looking for a way to steer the conversation back into your stories.”

Calvin didn't slow his pace, gritting his teeth and staring straight ahead. 

He was very frustrated that he had been trying to appease Jessie this whole time and this was how she responded. 

This silence was punctuated only by the rapid rhythmic clacking of their suitcase wheels over the tile floor as they continued power-walking through the terminal. 

“Well?” Jessie said,

Calvin finally turned to her, “Well, Jessie, this makes perfect sense. 

If you feel this way, then I think we should break up because I don’t want to keep boring you.

I agree, let’s part ways once we make it back.

You should’ve spoken up about my apparent intolerability before you decided to plan this vacation.”

He was clearly hurt, but thought it was pointless to argue. 

They finally made it to the gate, just as they heard the final call for passengers boarding their flight.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


They scanned their tickets, and the annoyed flight attendant shooed them onto the jet bridge and then closed the door behind them.

Luckily, they had forgotten to arrange seats next to each other on the flight back.

They were both economy, but Jessie was headed for seat 33A while Calvin's seat was 33F. 

Before Jessie sat down, she took a deep breath and then awkwardly shook Calvin’s hand, mumbling, “Well, have a nice flight. 

Oh, and when you get a chance could you send me back all the philosophy books I lent you?”

He laughed in disbelief and walked to his window seat three rows back to get ready for takeoff.

Both were upset but glad that they would have this flight to mull things over and recenter. 

