Storyst_loc_boundaries/13_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


The grocery store was not the place Emmanuella and Liam wanted to be at the moment considering they had been fighting beforehand to the point where Emmanuella was thinking of breaking up with Liam.

However, they had to go grocery shopping because they were hosting a dinner party for friends that evening and had no groceries. 

The grocery store was dimly lit and had dark wood paneling for all the shelves.

The store specialized in organic produce and products catering to desires for high-end products, such as imported cheeses and sauces. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


Emmanuella felt angry as she headed immediately for the pasta section, and Liam trailed behind her. 

Emmanuella selected a few boxes of linguine.

“I guess we are having pasta tonight,” Liam said.

Emmanuella looked back at him and said, “Well if you were going to actually help cook, I would be fine with something else.”

Liam sighed, and finally said, “You don’t want me to help.

I try to, but it seems like I always get in the way!” 

Emmanuella angrily threw the pasta into the cart, losing her temper.

 “Liam, you don’t even try!

You know what?

I don’t think I can do this anymore. 

I was going to wait until after this unfortunately-timed dinner party tonight to talk about this, but I might as well say it now: I don’t want to be in a relationship with you anymore.

 I’m tired of the constant fighting, and I feel like when we try to do anything fun anymore it ends up unpleasant for the stupidest reasons, and I am just past  trying to work things out.”

Liam refused to look at her as she picked out sauces for the pasta, and then she threw up her hands, saying, “You know what, if this party is still happening we are going to just eat pasta.”


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


They headed to the checkout area where there was only one station open but it was not crowded at all.

Emmanuella sighed and got in line while Liam pretended to be interested in the magazine racks as he thought. 

Finally he turned to her and sighed, “Yes, I was thinking the same thing - I think we could definitely be happier with other people.” 

As if she hadn't heard him, Emmanuella looked at their cart and said, “I'm not sure this will be enough, could you grab another box of pasta?”

 Liam scoffed and walked off to quickly get it.

As Emmanuella waited in line, she took a moment to compose herself, deciding that there was no reason to continue making a scene in the store. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


 Right when Liam came back with the pasta, the cashier started scanning their groceries.

The cost came to $30, and Emmanuella paid with her credit card.

She asked Liam politely to take the bags, and he obliged, following her to toward the exit. 

“Liam, I think we are making the right decision.

This is good.” 

“I agree,” he said, visibly relieved at the thought that they had gotten through the last fight they would ever need to have.

“I think we can still host this dinner tonight, as long as you're still on board,” Emmanuella said.

Liam nodded, “Yes, let’s just not tell anyone yet.” 

Emmanuella laughed, “Whoever leaks it loses their rights to the cat.”

Liam rolled his eyes and managed a weak chuckle, knowing the cat would be a whole other issue to sort out later.


