Storyst_loc_boundaries/21_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


Alvira and Senna walked into the restaurant hand in sweaty hand with quite different expectations: Senna, after 5 years of dating,  was going to propose tonight, and Alvira had no idea.

He took a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves as worst case scenarios ran through his mind. 

The restaurant was on the beach and had floor-to-ceiling arched windows through which you could steal glances at the ocean.

The restaurant itself was beautiful- crystal chandeliers hung from the high ceiling above small tables covered with white table clothes.


They saw the sun setting onto the Pacific ocean.

This was surely one of the best restaurants on the west coast.

Senna gave his name to the host, who quickly located their reservation with a beaming smile and knowing look directed at Senna.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


The host led them to a table right by the window.

He brought out some very small menus, with a short list of the celebrity chef's carefully selected daily dishes written in a loopy, cursive font unadorned by any mention of prices.

Senna slipped off to the bathroom to check to make sure the ring was in order.

The ring contained three canary yellow diamond that had been in his grandmother’s wedding ring, and it was a beautiful symphony of a ring. 

He walked back to the table after handing the small, velvet box to a waiter at the front podium.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


He came back just as their waiter was approaching the table to get their order.

Senna ordered the oysters with garlic-parmesan sauce, and Alvira ordered the sauteed sea scallops with caramelized apples. 

“Excellent choices,” the waiter said with a subsequent brisk spin away from the table.

“What a beautiful place, Senna. 

Really this is too much just to celebrate the first tomatoes I grew in the garden, like, this is absurd,” Alvira said.

Senna laughed and said, “No, those were really the best tomatoes I’ve ever had. 

We had to celebrate.” 

They talked and laughed as the sun sank below the horizon, and the glow from the ocean was replaced by the glow from the chandeliers.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


The waiter eventually returned with their meals, and everything was even more delicious than they had expected, especially the oysters, which Senna said tasted like the ocean. 

Then he paused and looked at Alvira meaningfully. 

 “It’s really been the best three years of my life with you.

I couldn’t imagine it any other way, and I don’t want to.

I really want to spend the rest of my years eating garden tomatoes, whatever it is, with you.” 

Alvira smiled, “I want the same with you too, Senna.” 

Senna nodded at the waiter who had been watching attentively, and he quickly strode over to place a small, elegant cake topped with the ring in front of Alvira. 

Her eyes widened in shock when she realized what she was looking at.

“Alvira, will you marry me? 

I love you, and I will never stop loving you.” 

Alvira started to cry.

The room became silent, and everyone turned to their table. 

“Yes, of course, yes!” she shouted as she wiped away tears.

The neighboring tables exploded in applause.

They hugged and the waiter returned with a bottle of champagne and popped it. 

All of this went unnoticed by Senna and Alvira as they looked into each others’ eyes, and he slipped the ring onto her finger. 

She held up her hand to admire it, and her glittering tears of joy matched the shine from her ring.   


“I need to text my dad and tell him!” she sang. 

The whole restaurant proceeded in cheers with them to celebrate the joyous occasion.  

