Storyst_loc_boundaries/31_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


Mr. Shelton and Mr. Gordon shook hands inside the foyer of the restaurant: lunch today was about big business. 

Mr. Shelton and Mr. Gordon both were CEOs of airplane manufacturing companies.

Mr. Shelton was in charge of a larger, well-established company and had been in the aviation business for decades.

On the other hand, Mr. Gordon led a smaller but technologically-advanced company that was projected to disrupt the airplane manufacturing market. 

The restaurant they chose to meet at was old and fancy with high ceilings, dark wood paneling, and crystal chandeliers.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


The waitress led them to their table in the back, and they settled into a private table in the corner by the fireplace. 

The waitress brought out the menus and they broke the ice with some small talk.

Mr. Gordon took out a picture of his daughter and talked about her recent engagement, and Mr. Gordon boasted about his purchase of a Tesla. 

They looked at the menus as well, which were full of Italian classics like Carbonara and Tiramisu, and in the back section of the menu was a lengthy drink selection.

After awhile, Mr. Shelton brought the conversation around to business.

“Mr. Gordon, we really admire what you’re doing at your company.

We think it’s genius; we want to support your vision and make this tiny company of yours internationally known.

But honestly, your company doesn’t have the resources to reach international markets right now.

Maybe in a few years you could, but by that time, other companies may have already filled your niche.

I think we should join forces.”


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


The waitress came up to them and asked if they were ready to order.

Mr. Gordon ordered a medium-rare steak and martini, and Mr. Shelton ordered veal and a manhattan. 

Then Mr. Shelton continued, “Look, I’ve talked to other members of the board, and we are prepared to offer $600 million to buy your company. 

We'd keep on all of your current employees, and you would join as the director of your company branch.” 

Mr. Gordon sat looking at Mr. Shelton for a few moments considering his response. 

He looked at Mr. Shelton skeptically.

He said, “Mr. Shelton, I think that you make a compelling offer, but there are definitely some disadvantages to attaching our small, streamlined productions to a large company like yours.

We operate in a very different way than a large company, and the kind of administrative complexity that makes the scale of your productions possible would suffocate our business.

With our product, scaling-up doesn’t necessarily make sense.” 

Mr. Shelton had expected this response and had come prepared.

He began laying out the details of how he had handled similar acquisitions successfully in the past.

Mr. Gordon was impressed, and they went back and forth hashing out what the company configuration would look like post-merger. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


The waitress brought the food out, interrupting their animated conversation.

“Oh this looks so good!” Mr. Gordon said. 

 “Can I get you anything else?” the waitress asked.

They declined and continued to talk.

The meal lived up to the reputation of the restaurant, which was known for having the best cuts of meat in the area.

Mr. Gordon, after taking a contemplative bite of his food, said, “Mr. Shelton, I think we have a deal. 

If you can guarantee that I can still have the final say in the all the work done by my team, I think this could be beneficial for both of us.

I propose a toast to the merging of our companies.”

Mr. Shelton grinned and lifted his martini to clink glasses.

He said, “Cheers to a lifelong partnership and to the growth of your company.” 

