Storyst_loc_boundaries/33_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


Ms. Bianchi and Ms. Morrison walked into the grocery store at the same time, and, after a moment of mutual recognition, greeted each other and shook hands.

“Thank you again for inviting me here to discuss my business proposal,” said Ms. Bianchi, “And it’s a pleasure to be out of the office.” 

As an account representative for an Italian cheese company that was trying to expand its outreach to more mainstream grocery stores, this meeting could be a big break for her.

Her sales target, Ms. Morrison,  who had a reputation for being a bit quirky, was a senior product manager for a large chain grocery store. 

She was known for doing things unconventionally: for example, she said that she liked to make deals with suppliers in the place where the products were sold- “to keep their minds focused on what’s important.” 

They chatted a little in the entrance of the grocery store, which had displays of pumpkins, candy, and halloween decorations set up in different stations around the door. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


Ms. Bianchi and Ms. Morrison walked to the cheese section, and Ms. Morrison motioned to the parmesan.

“We have quite a selection here.

I don’t know that it needs an additional section for more gourmet cheeses.” 

Ms. Bianchi's confidence faltered for a minute at this remark, but then she launched into her prepared pitch.

 “Ms. Morrison, I think you would agree that selling food is more than just providing variety, but also about providing the highest quality.

You don’t have cheeses made in America that are like ours, it is true.

Your store could be providing American consumers with a dimension in taste that they've never known before with our product.

I propose that you give it a shot, buy $1500 worth of cheese products for a few stores, and see how the sales increase not only in our cheeses but also in products related to cheeses: crackers, jams, olives. 

The availability of a finer product leads to the appreciation of the product, and your consumers will start to consume in a new, more profitable way.”

Ms. Bianchi picked up a box of crackers by the cheese section, and said, “Here, I will buy these, and we can try some of our cheeses that I've brought with me.”

She also picked up a bottle of ketchup and a case of sparkling water “for later.”

Ms. Morrison, who was thinking, nodded in agreement and said, “That sounds like a great idea.

Let’s head to check out, and those crackers are on me.” 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


They walked over to the checkout area.

It was very busy in the checkout area as people were stocking up for Halloween parties and trick-or-treating, and there were 10 aisles open. 

They stepped into lane 6. 

Since they had almost a 10 minute wait in line, Ms. Bianchi handed a sheet with printed graphs to Ms. Morrison the increase in profits that several other stores had seen after starting to carry their products.

Eventually, Ms. Morrison replied, “You know what, I think you've convinced me that this could work. 

We've been trying to find a way to add a little European cachet to our stores.

Our competitor, Orange Grocers, hasn’t expanded in this direction yet and I’d like to beat them to it. 

There's still a problem though - I'm worried we'll be paying out the nose for the import taxes.

Is that the case?"


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


It was Ms. Morrison’s turn to checkout, and the two businesswomen continued to talk back and forth as she did so. 

The cashier scanned the crackers, and Ms. Bianchi watched in amusement as Ms. Morrison paid the $23 price by writing a check. 

They shortly came to an agreement and would have enough cheese shipments, $20,000 worth, to different stores to qualify for a subsidized import tax. 

Ms. Bianchi retrieved some of her samples from her car, and they finalized their new deal by eating a small feast. 

They consumed Ms. Bianchi’s cheese with Ms. Morrison’s crackers.  

