Storyst_loc_boundaries/42_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


David saw Anna for the first time when she burst into the airport with her bag skidding behind her half-zipped. 

He had three hours until his flight, but she clearly had less than one.

Anna’s yoga class had ran over, and afterwards, she, forgetting the time, had lingered to talk with friends. 

Despite Anna's frazzled state, David was instantly intrigued by her.

He thought she was beautiful, and she reminded him of one of his favorite paintings.

Anna, a few strides into the airport, suddenly realized her shoes were untied, so she hunched over to tie them.

David observed that someone with a tall cart of luggage was heading straight for where Anna was kneeling. 

Both Anna and the person driving the cart were oblivious to the impending collision. 

David had to intervene, and he ran in front of the cart pushing her out of the way just in the nick of time, and they tumbled on the airport floor. 

Anna, bewildered, looked up and saw the cart pass by and then looked over at David. 

He gave a smile back.

“You alright?”, he said.

She whispered, “Uh yeah.

I almost got smooshed by that cart.”

Her head was still spinning as she stared at the handsome stranger who had saved her. 

David helped her up and had to keep holding on to her arms to steady her even once they were standing.

“I’m really late for my flight,” she said. 

“Don't worry,” said David, "let me help you get to your gate." 

He waved off her half-hearted protests. 

“Really , I have plenty of time and nothing better to do.”


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


They headed to the security line. 

The line was not long, and they spent the time chatting and getting to know each other.

It turned out that Anna and David went to the same high school but Anna had been 3 years older.

When they got to the front of the line they took off their shoes and pulled off their coats.

Both of them went through the metal detector without any problems. 

Anna’s flight was in 20 minutes, and as she was rushing to put her shoes and coat back on, David asked her, “So when are you coming back?”

“In a week, it’s a short trip,” Anna replied. 

“Me too,” David said.

He continued, “When we're back in town, is there any chance you'd want to get dinner?

I know we just met, but when life throws a luggage cart at you it seems like we should listen. “

She stopped packing, and said with a smile, “Yes I would love that.”


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


Then they ran off to Anna’s gate which was at the end of the terminal. 

David took put on her backpack, grabbed her hand, and navigated quickly through the crowds of people.

Anna was amazed at everything that was happening; she had arrived at the airport doubtful that she would make it and was now confident that she would due to this handsome and kind man she just met.

As they approached her gate, Anna fished out a crumbled business card from her pocket and handed it to David, who handed her the backpack, and he promised to call her next week.

She gave him one last embarrassed smile and approached the flight attendant who scanned her ticket. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


Finally, she boarded the plane, sliding into her window seat located all the way in the back of the plane.

Barely containing her glee, she ignored the grumbles of complaint as she squeezed past the other passengers in her row and settled back in her seat. 

She was thankful that she had not only made it onto the plane in time, but also that she had been clumsy enough to forget to tie her shoes.

