Storyst_loc_boundaries/44_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1


Leon and Ariana hurried into the classroom at the same time, and Leon did a double-take when he saw her, almost dropping the eraser he had in his hand. 

This was his first day after transferring to this university, and he had assumed that he wouldn’t know anyone on campus, but he couldn't shake the nagging feeling  that he had seen her somewhere before. 

They were both a bit late, so they quickly slid into seats next to each other in the back of the class.

They were in a small classroom with rows of chairs with foldable desks facing the speaker’s podium and a blackboard on wheels. 

There were no windows in the room, since they were down in the basement of the history department.

Leon, trying to figure out where he had seen her before, could not stop looking over at Ariana.

Ariana was oblivious to Leon’s gaze and was only focused on getting ready for class. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


“Good afternoon class,” the professor began.

“Welcome to History of Egypt. 

Today we will be talking about mummification, one of the most famous and often misunderstood customs in ancient Egyptian society.”

Leon pulled out his notebook and tried to concentrate on the class.

Within a few minutes though he found his attention wandering back to Ariana.

He decided to do something about his hunch so he ripped off a corner of a page in his notebook, wrote a note, and set it on her desk.

“Are you from LA?” it read, “Sorry to distract you from mummies, but you look really familiar.”

It continued: “Do I know you from somewhere?”

She looked at the note with surprise, and then turned to notice Leon for the first time. 

She instantly liked him when she saw him; he had very soft eyes and sharp features, a combination that made him seem  trustworthy and genuine.

He smiled at her and she flashed him a smile back.

Then she turned the note over to the back and started to write a reply.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


Meanwhile the professor continued, “One may well question why the ancient Egyptians spent so much time and effort on their funerary practices.

Not only was the mummification process itself a complicated affair, but there were also elaborate rituals before, during, and after death.

The practice required teams of experts with years of training and took a total of 70 days to complete.” 

Ariana passed the note back to Leon, and she had replied, “No, but maybe my twin and I were separated at birth.”

They passed notes back and forth the whole class like they were back in high school.

Near the end of the lecture, Leon wrote, “Would you like to go on a walk this evening?” 

Ariana read the note, and looked at him and nodded her head

She wrote back on the slip of paper, “Let’s meet at 8 in front of Patton Hall.”


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


Then the professor ended the lecture and announced to the class that they would have their first quiz next class on Friday on mummification. 

Everyone packed up and started heading out, as well as Sophie and Leon.

They approached each other smiling, and Leon said, “Well it was great to meet you, again, or maybe not again, but regardless it was great to meet you.” 

She replied, “Yes, it was.”

She looked at the clock which read noon and, shocked, headed for the door saying, “I have to run to my next class, but I’ll see you later tonight!” 

She waved as they parted ways, and Leon was still trying to figure out where he had seen her before as he watched her go. 

He figured that he’d ask about it more later during their walk. 

