Storyst_soc_boundaries/21_Story_Text





SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Alvira and Senna walked into the restaurant hand in sweaty hand with quite different expectations for the night because Senna, after 5 years of dating, was going to propose, and Alvira had no idea.

He took a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves as worst case scenarios ran through his mind. 

The restaurant was on the beach and had floor-to-ceiling arched windows that framed an incredible view of the Pacific Ocean.

Besides the view, the restaurant itself was beautiful- crystal chandeliers hung from the high ceiling above small tables covered with white table cloths.


This was surely one of the best restaurants on the West Coast.

After Senna gave his name to the host, who discretely winked at Senna, they were seated at a table right by the window. 

The waiter brought out some very small menus.

They consisted of a short list of the head chef's carefully selected dishes of the day written in a loopy, cursive font unadorned by any mention of prices.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


While Alvira was away at the powder room, Senna took out the ring box from his jacket pocket and opened it up.

The ring contained three canary yellow diamonds that had been in his grandmother’s wedding ring. 

The waiter appeared to take their order, but before Alvira got back, so that Senna could give him the ring.

Senna ordered the oysters with garlic-parmesan sauce, and Alvira ordered the sauteed sea scallops with caramelized apples. 

“Excellent choices,” the waiter said.

When the waiter left, Alvira said, “You’re too sweet, Senna. 

This is too much just to celebrate the first tomatoes I grew in the garden- really, this is absurd.”

Senna laughed and said, “No, those were really the best tomatoes I’ve ever had. 

We had to celebrate.” 

They talked and laughed as the sun sank below the horizon, lighting up the sky and water, and slowly the glow from the windows was replaced by the that of chandeliers.

The waiter returned with their dishes.

Everything was even more delicious than they had expected, especially the oysters, which Senna said tasted like the ocean. 

As they were eating, Senna recounted to Alvira how they had met, and he told her in many words how much he loved her and what he loved about her, almost tearing up at moments. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Senna nodded at the waiter, who placed a small cake topped with the ring in front of Alvira, while Senna got down on one knee and asked Alvira to marry him.

Her eyes widened in shock when she realized what was happening.

“I love you, and I will never stop loving you,” he said. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


After a few moments of silence with everyone turned and looking at Alvira in expectation, she exclaimed, “Yes, of course, yes!”

She hugged Senna with tears flowing down her cheeks. 

The other guests exploded in applause, and the waiter returned with a bottle of champagne and popped it.

Senna slipped the ring onto Alvira’s finger, and she held up her hand to admire it.

“I need to text my dad and tell him!” she sang. 

The whole restaurant proceeded in cheers with them to celebrate the joyous occasion.  

