21
Senna brings alvira to the nicest restaurant on the west coast... it has a view of the pacific ocean. he walks in and gives his name to the host who winks at him and sits them at the nicest table next to a huge window. the restaraunt is insanely well decorated with chandeliers, huge ceilings and windows, a beautiful view, and white fancy tables. alvira is confused why senna took her to such a nice restaurant just to celebrate the fact that she was able to grow tomatoes. all the while, he is super nervous about proposing. they order the oysters and the scallops and they find the food amazing. finally, the waiter brings out the dessert with the ring on top, which is a ring with three canary yellow diamonds, and he gets down on one knee. she is super shocked and says yes, and says that she has to text her dad the good news. the entire restaurant is watching and cheering for them




12
Calvin and jessie are at the airport after coming back from a trip together to jamaica. jessie is fuming with anger at calvin and it is revelaed that she has been planning to break up with him for 6 weeks. she thinks he is very annoying and unbearable to be with. they are in line for security and calvin states how easy it would be to sneak something past security after he takes off his shoes and belt. jessie is glaring at the conveyor belt and exclaims that she wants to break up with him. they get past security and are power walking to the gate in silence, and the only sound they hear is their suitcases clacking on the ground. they are rushing because they got to the airport with only 45 minutes to spare before take off. calvin turns around and angrily exclaims that he wished she would have considered not following through and planning this trip if she thought he was so boring, as he tries to hide his upset. luckily for them, they forgot to book seats next to each other on the flight so while they are both in economy, they are in seats 33a and 36c. they rush last second to get on the plane and the flight attendant is pissed. they are glad to  have the solitude on the way back. 




32
Jeff and william met at a party while they were on business and bonded over wine and then realized that they worked in the same industry. they decided to meet 2 hours early at the airport as they decided that they wanted to do business with one another. jeff is a sales manager and william is a representative. william proposes that jeff send him 4 crates of wine for 50percent of what he would normally charge, which he believes jeff will regain the profit of in full if even one client decides to follow through with jeff's wine. jeff is a little hesistant because he isn't a corporate vineyard, and so they come to the agreement that william will get 600 dollars worth of wine samples for 400 dollars. they are very pleased with their agreement and jeff then goes to his flight and sits in row a in business class. 




33
Ms. bianchi and ms. morrison meet at the grocery store. ms. bianchi is making a business proposition to morrison to sell her italian made cheeses in morrison's grocery stores. morrison is somewhat unorthodox as she likes to make her business deals where the product will be so the seller has a better sense of what is going on. ms morrison points out the wide selection and bianchi goes into her sales pitch, talking about how well her cheeses are doing and how it will increase the sales of not just cheese but cheese related products. morrison likes her pitch and decides to follow through, and says they should go check out some stuff. they buy cheese and related products and morrison also buys wine and ketchup for later. she spends 23 dollars and pays in check, which bianchi finds amusing 




13
Emmanuella and liam are at the grocery store buying food for the dinner party that they are having later that night, and emmanuella is pondering what to do as she has been considering breaking up with liam for 6 months. they are in one of the aisles and emmanuella just exclaims that they should break up. after a while of talking, they come to an agreement that they would be happier with other people. they still decide to have the party regardless and just not tell people that they broke up yet. liam does not seem incredibly devasted over it, and they are quite amiable. going to the car with the groceries, liam jokes that whoever tells someone they broke up first loses their cat, which emmanuella is annoyed slightly about since she knows that will become another argument later over who gets the cat. 




41
James and tessa meet at a new sushi restaraunt. they both arrive at the slowest business time in order to check out the new fancy restaraunt by themselves. since they are both by themselves, the waitress places them at the bar sitting next to each other. james orders two rolls and she orders a roll and a japanese beer. they get to talking and begin to enjoy each others company. when the food is brought out the server purposely puts his plate near hers so james has to scoot closer to teresa. james mentions that he is going to a concert by an egyptian band that night, and then decides to invite teresa. she agrees, and they make plans for him to pick her up at 8. he immediately noticed how pretty she was when she walked in, and they clearly have chemistry off the bat. 




44
Leon and ariana first interact in an egyptian history class in their first year of college. leon walks in to the very small lecture room with no windows and a few desks and can't help but notice he recognizes ariana. he decides to leave a note on her desk as the teacher begins his first lesson about mummification. she turns around when she reads the note and decides she immediately likes him. she responds by saying she hasn't seen him and isn't from la, but this sparks their conversation. the teacher continues to ramble about the extensive process of mummification and how it would take months upon months to do. leon asks ariana if she would like to go on a walk at 8 that night, and she agrees to do so and meet him in front of her dorm at that time. at the end of class, the teacher mentions taht they have a quiz on mummification the next week. 




24
Aaron and lana walk into the nicest lecture hall at princeton, with beuatiful ceilings and chandeliers and a screen where there used to be a chalkboard. they have been dating for 3 years, and first met in the exact same lecture hall. currently they are enrolled in intro to chemistry together, and as they walk in aaron is very nervous because he is planning to propose to lana during class. he sees the teacher and the teacher winks at him. they sit down and begin taking notes, and the teachers begins to discuss ions and how elements are identified by their proton number. he uses the example of sodium and sodium ions in nacl. aaron turns to his side and takes out the ring and puts it in a small notebook. the teacher all of a sudden calls the couple down to the front, and lana is very confused. once they get down, aaron pulls out the ring from the small notebook and gets down on one knee and proposes. the ring is made of dark red diamonds, since he knows her style is  more avant garde than traditional. she says yes and everyone cheers the teacher turns to the last slide which is a collage of photos of the couples. the teacehr cancels the rest of class and reminds everyone that they have a midterm the next week about protons and ions etc. all of the  couples friends rush in a nd cheer on the happy couple. lana mentions taht she needs to text her sister . 




