24
Aaron proposed to lana in class. the ring was of numerous red diamonds. she said yes. their friends were oustide of the classroom. the teacher was in on it and had a photo slide show at the end of his presentation. the teacher dismissed the class after the proposal. aaron had the ring in his backpack, then when he proposed it was between the pages of a notebook. the professor had oddly requested that the two come to the front of the class for a demonstration. 




42
David and anna had just arrived at the aiport. anna was disheveled, and nearly struck by a luggage cart. david lept in front of the cart and knocked her to safety. she was nearly about to miss her flight and david offered to aid her to her terminal. they passed through security together. david grabbed her hand and pulled her along through the terminal to her gate, as onlookers sneered. anna handed david a crumpled up business card after he had asked if they could meet for dinner once they returned home. anna just made her flight with 5 minutes to spare, hugged the plastic wrapped blanket in her business class seat, and noticed her untied shoelace




23
Alex and chloe were at the supermarket shopping for thanksgiving dinner. alex was sweaty and nervous, as he knew he was going to propose to chloe at the supermarket because after 28 months of dating he knew she loved suprises. she purused the isles for stuffing and other thanksgiving foods, asking alex what they needed. he was nervous and checking the ring one last time, not answering in any usefull manner. the ring had a single white diamond. they checked out at register two, where alex finally asked her to marry him. she covered her mouth with her and and said yes. she showed other customers her ring, who were applauding. their friends had been outside and came in to congratulate the couple. she snapped a picture with her phone and sent it to her mother. they and their friends left the supermarket and went to find a place to celebrate




14
Maria and henry had been dating, and maria had decided to break up with henry because she was going to study abroad. she did not want to pursue a long distance relationship. they were in class together, ancient philosophy, sitting next to each other in the back of the room. maria leaned over and told henry that she wanted to break up. henry did not want to break up and explained that they could make the long distance relationship work. maria was alomst convinced, but stayed strong and did not cave. shortly after class she would board her flight. when the class ended she asked henry to get her alpacca sweater from his dorm and meet her in front of the student center so she could retrieve it. the professor told the class that their exam was next tuesday




13
Emmanuella and liam were hosting a dinner party and were at the supermarket to purchase food. em had been thinking about breaking up with liam for 5 months. as she reached for bow tie pasta, liam commented that they were having pasta. em replied that if he was willing to help for once that they could have whatever he liked. he mentioned that whenever he helped he just felt in her way. as she grabbed vodka sauce and olives she mumbed that he never actually tried. finally em just came out with it and told liam they should break up. liam nodded in agreement. they decided that they would still host the dinner, just as a broken up couple, which they would keep to themselves for the remainder of the night. as they checked out em mentioned that there might be an issue with the cat. liam said that the cat was his, and em thought that was an argument for another time. 




31
Mr. shelton and mr gordon were having a dinner business meeting. they were in a wood adornred restaurant with large felt menus and candellabras at each table. mr shelton was the ceo of his airline company, and mr gordon was the cfo of his company, which was much smaller but far more technologically advanced. mr shelton offered 600 million dollars to buy out mr gordon's company. mr shelton ordered the veal and mr gordon ordered a steak. they both agreed the meat was overcooked and dry. mr shelton ordred a manhattan and mr gordon ordered a martini. mr goron was concerned that his smaller company would drown in the administrative chaos of a much larger company like mr shleton's, but ultimately mr shelton was able to convince mr gordon, likely because he agreed to keep all of mr gordon's employees, allow mr gordon a managerial position, and final say in the product development. they toasted their business merger




32
Jeff and william met in a bathroom line having discussed wine. they realized they were each in the business. jeff was a wine supplier and william procured wines for corporate clients. during their discussion in the bathroom line they each realized that they were flying out of boston at the same time, and agreed to meet and discuss business at the airport. william was pleased, because he was not happy to return to his bosses empty handed. cutting the small talk due to their compressed timeline at the airport, william stated that he would be willing to purchase a sample batch of jeff's northeastern wines at a severe discount, promising that if even one of his clients contracted with him it would be well worth the investment. jeff was not pleased, as he felt the cost of such a decision would require a guarantee that a client of jeff's would go to contract. having made the same offer to jeff's competitor who turned him down, william offered to buy a sample of 5 crates for 600 dollars instead of the original 800. the men agreed to do business and william told jeff that once he landed he would send jeff the documentation. once on the plane william emailed his team the good news from his phone




41
James and teresa were customers at the newest sushi restaurant in atlanta. james noticed teresa because she had walked into the glass door of the establishement as she looked down at her phone. most of the patrons stared at teresa, but she scrunched her eyebrows at james. sitting near to one another at the bar, james asked if she was ok. she responed by asking james if he had ever been stung by a scorpion. he said no, and asked why she had asked. she said that she had been stung by a scorpion while studying abroad in egypt, and that after being stung, walking in to a door didn't seem like such a big deal. james ordered a tuna roll and a vegetarian roll. james invited teresa to see an egyptian band with him that night, to which she agreed. they agreed that he would pick her up at 7 and drive her to and from the concert. as james left, he left a 50 dollar bill and paid for both of their lunches




