44
Ariana walked into the history class and leon recognized her. the classroom was in the basement of the history department building so there were no windows. they were discussing ancient egypt and the mummies, and ariana sat next to leon. leon asked ariana if she was from california, which she responded, no but maybe my long lost twin is. they chatted the entire class and ariana told leon to meet her later that night at her dorm. the class ended and the professor assigned the students a quiz next class on mummies. ariana and leon stayed in the classroom and talked. 




32
Jeff and william are both at an airport in boston flying home. they both work in the wine industry. they arrived two hours early to the airport and didn't want to waste time disucussing their buisness deal. they both met the night before at a bar where they both found out the other works in the wine industry. there was a small holdup at security and jeff and william discussed william's vineyard to sell a sampler set of wine to jeff for a discount. they got through security, but had to wait for a new set of bins to arrive before getting through, and made it to thier gates with time to spare. william ended up selling to jeff for a loss only because one contract with a client of jeff's would make up for it. 




13
They enter a grocery store which smells like lavender and has organic food on display as you walk in. emmanuella and liam have been dating for a while but emmanuella has thought of breaking up with liam for the past 5 months. they are hosting a dinner and need to buy supplies. they head to the pasta aisle and emmanuella grabs a few boxes of maccaroni. liam says, maccaroni again, and emmanuella responds, it could be different if you helped. they continue down the aisle were they grab pasta sauce and some olives, and emmanuella tells liam she wants to break up. he is silent as they walk to the one casheir that is open. as they are on line, liam agrees that they should break up but that they shoudl still host the dinner party. emmanuella agrees, but wants to keep the cat. liam, however, wants to keep the cat but that is another conversation. they pay about 23 dollars in cash for the groceries. 




23
Alex and chloe have been dating for 23 months and chloe loves surpirses. alex is going to propose at the grocery store since chloe will be surpirsed. its the day before thanksgiving and the store is packed. they go to the canned goods aisle and alex is fidgetting with his wallet. the ring is in the fold of his wallet and has a white diamond. they get what they need and proceed to one of the five checkout lines. alex and chloe's friends are waiting at the entrance of the store and while on line, alex drops to one knee and asks chloe to marry him. as this is happeneing, everyone on line moves to make room and all the freinds walk into the store and everyone is recording this or taking photos on their phones. chloe says yes and texted her mother a pciture of the ring. they got to go to the front of the line and paid for their goods with alex's credit card and then left with their friends to decide where to celebrate.




42
David is at the airport two hours before his flight reading a book on his laptop. anna is running incredibly late with her suitcase half zipped and her shoes untied. she bends down to tie her shoes and a luggage cart is coming towards her. david sees what is about to happens and tumbles anna out of the way. he asks anna is she was a gymnest in her past, and she replies she was and david asks what her score would have been, and she responds hers would have been a 0 and his a 1. david helps anna up and walks with her to security. there wasn't much of a line and they begin to talk. they both went to the same high school but anna graduated three years before david. they got through security and david waked anna to her gate. they agreed to see each other next tuesday and anna gave david her buisness card. anna and david made it to her gate at 1055, 5 minutes before anna's flight left. anna got on the plane in row 7 in buisness class and hugged her blanket. 




34
Charlie is head of an entrapunur club on campus and is looking to invest in alma's web development program. alma is the creator and ceo of the product and company. charlie and alma have history together and the class was about august's architecture. charlie initiually offered alma 28000 to invest in the company but alma said it was too little. if she had to, she'd go to the other investment club on campus chuchhill investment, and ask them but she needed the money right away. charlie then offered 56000 to invest, because his club was willing to give the full amount if needed. alma accepted the offered and began her work the next day.




21
Senna and alvira had been dating for 5 years, and senna was ready to propose. they went to a resturant on the beach with arched floor to ceiling windows, crystal chandeliers, white drapes and white tablecloth. they got seated but not before the waiter gave senna a sly nod. they got a seat next to a window and the menu was from a selection made by the chef. is was a small selection and the font was in cursive with no price next to the items. senna and alvira ordered oysters and clam. as alvira went to the bathroom senna pulled out the ring, with three canary yellow diamonds from his grandmother, and gave it to the waiter. they got their food and the oysters were delicious. the waiter brought the ring out on a cake 




11
0




