23
Alex is going to propose to chloe in a grocery store. it's beautiful but busy because of thanksgiving. he has a ring with one diamond on it that's crammed in his wallet. she is picking out cranberrys while he looks at it. she turns around and he hides it back in his pocket. they go to the checout line, 5 of which are available. he noticed his friends at the door while he's sweating about the proposal. she is on her phone and assumes that he will eventually tell her what is on his mind. he gets down on a knee and proposes. everyone around gathers around, including the friends. she says yes and they all celebrate. they then get back in line, checkout around 55 dollars worth o groceries. he pays in cash. she called her mom immediately after the proposal. 




43
These two almost run into each other when they enter a bright industrial grocery store. while chatting over meat, she makes a remark on the chicken. he remarks that the the one he is pointing at is a sibling. he helps her choose ribs, she helps him pick out spices. in line,  he asks her out to go dinner while their items are in the checkout. he removes the divider saying that groceries are on him. he then remarks that this event was like their first date. she flushes and says thanks. the total for the groceries is around 88 dollars which he pays in cash




11
Thomas is in a restaurant waiting for sadie becuase he wants to breakup. the restaruant is one with black and white tiles, also industrial. sadie enters and is happy to see thomas, remarking that she had a long day and had been thinking about him. the waitress arrives and thomas ask for a booth in the back. she pops her gum and obliges. the two are seated and are given laminated menus. thomas is nervous to start the conversation but eventually says that he thinks they shoudl breakup because he needs time to focus on what he wants to be his next career. he has been doing the job he has, but knows it isn't his career. he thinks that he needs time away from the relationship to make sure he is making the right decision. the waitress returns and he orders a hamburger without tomato and she gets the reuben as per the waitresss' recommendation. the waitress leaves and sadie starts saying that they could make it work and that they can spend a different amount of time with each other. other people start looking over. the food is delivered, simon remains resolute, and sadie stand up holding half her reuben. she shakes it at him and tells him to not follow or speak to her again and walks out. he then is thinking woahhhhh, and then eats his burger, which tastes fishy. he wonders if it is the situation or the retaurant that makes the burger taste that way




42
David and anna are in a airport. he notices her rushing in dragging along a small luggage bag. he has about an hour until his flight, she has 30 minutes and has to get through security. she stops to tie her shoe and he notices a cart piled with luggage coming her way withno attention from the driver of the cart. he crashes into anna, getting her out of the way of the cart just in time. he asks if she is a gymnast because of the tumble, she gives herself a 0 and him a 1. they walk into security together where they are allowed to skip the line becuase of her upcoming flight. they are held up becuase someone in front has suspicious amount if metal in their bag. eventually the line goes through. david guides her to the gate, c something with 5 minutes to spair. he then asks her out for a dinner next week, which she says yes to and hurredly gives him a crumpled business card. she then rushes into the plane and is seated at j something with someone sitting next to her. it is then that she realizes how much time she had left and is relieved she made it on the flight in time. 




31
Shelton and gordon meet at a fancy steakhouse. shelton is cfo of an established global aircraft company, gordon is the ceo of a new and upcoming aircraft startup teck company. they are then seated in a booth and while waiting for the waitress, they make small talk. shelton shows a picture of his daughter and family while gordon talks about his new tesla. they are given velvet covered menus with extensive drinks list. they order steaks and one orders a manhattan, the other a martini. shelton then starts talking about the details of an aquisition, offering 900 million to gordon for his company, which gordon would become the director of. gordon responds saying that his company is small for a reason and that to be acquired by a large company such as the one shelton works would ruin what makes his company streamline and efficient. shelton is prepared for this rebutal and says that gordon needs that money to expand and globalize to compete with aerotech, a serios competitor. gordon eventually agress, after they note that the steaks are a tad dry, and make a toast to the new deal. shelton will acquire gordon's company. 




22
0




14
Maria and henry are in  a large auditoriaum and maria is nervous because she is finally going to talk to henry about breaking up, which has been in her mind for a week. maria wants to break up because she is going abroad and doesn't think the relationship will last as long-distance. the lecture going on is an archeology lecture. henry is seated next to her when maria says that they think they should breakup for the reasons above. the lecture is going on about archeology and fun facts about the subject. henry responds saying that he thinks that they can make it work and they he doesn't really want to breakup. at the same time, if that's what she thinks is best, henry is ok with the breakup. the lecture is just going on in the background. as class ends, maria remembers that she left a sweater at henrys and says that this is the worst time, but if he could go to his dorm and pickup her sweater and meet her at the student building that would be great. he agrees and again says that he is ok with the breakup if that is what she wants. they depart quickly becuase her flight is immediately after class and she has to get to the airport. 




34
 charlie and alma meet in a modern classroom with plenty of lights and three projectors at the front of the room. tables are set out for the students to sit in groups. charlia and alma are sitting at one of the rear tables, and they are meeting for a investment opportunity. alma has created a software startup that is seeking financing, which charlie can supply given his involvement in a financing student group that is looking for a new investement. the lecture going on in the background is one on augustus. one of the things learned in this lecture is that august was in charge of making rome look bueatiful again, and he was to be the main religious figure in the nation. charlie proposes giving alma half of the finance she is seeking, initially oferring 28000. almo responds by saying that she needs the full funding in order to move forward with the next  stage of development. charlie would prefer not to, but had discussed with the financing group beforehand, who approved of making an offer of 56000, alma's initial request. charlie agrees to the full offer, which alma is excited to accept. the class is dismissed with the lecturer reminding everyone that they have an assignment due next week 




