34
Alma was a web developer who met charlie. alma wanted funding and charlies group wanted to invest. they were in a class together. the professor was talking about augustus. charlie and alma were negotiating about the investment. charlie wanted to delay it but alma said she needed it now. 




41
James and teresa both went to a new fancy japanese restaurant when they thought it would be least busy. teresa ran into a door clumsily and charlie used that to start converation. teresa shared a story about having been bitten by a scorpio in the past. they were both seated at the bar next to each other. they both ordered different things. charlie invited teresa to go somewhere with him adn promised it would be indoors and no scorpions. charlie had to leave hurriedly so he left $50 on the table to pay for both of them




24
Aaron and lana were third years in college who had met in a chemistry class three years ago. they happened to have class together in the same classroom this year. the professor was talking about chemistry and lana was focused on her problem set. aaron and the professor shared a smile and wink. the professor invited the two of them to the front of the class for a demo.lana was confused




11
Thomas and sadie went to a restaurant together. thomas wanted to break up with sadie. sadie was very cutesie when she first came. thomas asked the waitress for a table in the back. the waitress popped a bubble gum balloon in her mouth then agreed to move them. thomas told sadie he wants to break up because he is unsure of his job and does not have the time. sadie expressed that they can work  it out and see each other less. the waiter came to get their orders. the menu had funky names so they just ordered easy things. thomas got the burger with no tomatoes and sadie asked about the rueben and then got it after the waiter said it was excellent. after the food came sadie used half the rueben to yell at thomas by pointing it at him. at some point sadie was cryign and the people in the restaurant looked at her then aoided looking when they figured out what was happening. sadie stormed out and asked for thomas to return her things




23
They were grocery shopping. chloe kept asking alex to help and kept asking questions about what he wanted but alex was very nervous and distracted. he kept looking at the ring he had. chloe thought when alex is ready to share whats wrong he would. their friends were waiting outside. at the checkout line alex randomly held her hand and proposed. chloe said yes and got very excited. she expressed how much she liked the ring and also shoved it in front of a strangers face. all the friends and people aroudn started taking pictures. the people at the checkout line let them cut in front. alex paid while chloe texted her mother.they made plan with their friends about wwhere they were going to celebrate




33
Ms morrison is as american with a grocery store. ms bianchi was trying to get her to import european parmesan cheese. at first ms morrison was skeptical because she said she has a lot of variety already. ms bianchi talked about quality and convinced her to make a deal. they also talk about crackers and then bought a packet. ms morrison knew all the employees. she checked out by paying with a cheque. she also popped open champagne from her bag to celebrate their deal. at some point she mentioned wanting to get ahead of her competitor. ms bianchi loved doing businesss with americans.




12
They were coming back from vacation together which had not been great. jessie kept being upset and calvin tried to make it better by acting normal but it didnt work. at the airport calvin was talking about how bad the infrastructure was when jessie said she wanted to break up because their personalities didnt align. calvin didnt say anything . after jessie prodded him calvin got annoyed and expressed that he agrees that they should stop seeing each other once they get to america. he said jessie didnt appreciate that he was trying and shoulve told him she had issues with his personality before planning the trip. they luckily had separate seats on the flights. before they took their own seats, jessie awkwardly shook calvins hands and said have a good flight and i want my philosophy books back.




42
David noticed anna. anna was about to be hti by a luggage cart. david jumped in between to save her. they joked around about gymnastics because of the tumble. anna felt disoriented but wasl late for her flight. david offered to help take her to her gate. anna was worried about his flight. david reassured her he had time. they hurried through the airport. at the security lines they realized they went to the same high school 3 years apart. they talked about when they would be back. david asked if anna wanted to go to dinner on tuesday when they both returned. she said yes. when they got to annas gate she gave him a crumpled business card. she waved at the gate security who was indicating she needs ot hurry. she ran into the flight and happily hugged her plastic covered blanket.




