James noticed Teresa immediately as she walked into the restaurant- or, more accurately, as she attempted to walk into the restaurant. She was typing intently on her phone and ran straight into the restaurant’s glass door with a painful thud. Everyone waiting around the cash register turned.Teresa rubbed her head and put her phone away. She looked somewhat confused but primarily indignant that the door had been in her way. James found this quite charming and stole a couple glances at her, peeking up from the newspaper he was holding, until she noticed and wrinkled her eyebrows at him. James and Teresa had both chosen the least busy time to try out Atlanta’s newest sushi restaurant.  It was notable for both the food and the decor. There were pine wood countertops and chairs, plants all along the walls, and branch-looking structures hanging from the ceiling. The host sat James and Teresa, who were both dining alone, at the bar. They sat a seat apart from each other.The waitress behind the counter gave them bright neon menus that were filled with entrees in Japanese with small, English translations. James quickly glanced through it while Teresa took a longer time. A few minutes passed until James suddenly turned to Teresa and asked, “Is your forehead alright?”She turned to him and smirked.“Have you ever been stung by a scorpion?” she asked him.“What?” he responded confusedly. “A scorpion.”James began to worry that Teresa had possibly suffered a concussion in the door crash.“Uh no, why?” he asked.“Because I’ve been stung by one, and since then, things like bumping into doors seem like pretty small potatoes.” They carried on talking, and Teresa told him all about her encounter with a Deathstalker scorpion while she was studying abroad in Egypt, and James told Teresa that he happened to be going to a concert for an Egyptian artist that evening.The waitress behind the counter came up to them and asked, “Are you ready for your order?” She first looked at Teresa who answered, “Yes, I’ll have a salmon roll and a Japanese beer.”Then the waitress turned to James.He said, “I’ll have a tuna roll and a vegetable roll.” “Alright, thank you!” the waitress said.When the waitress left, James decided to go for it, and he asked Teresa if she would like to come with him to the concert.He promised her that the concert would be indoors and absolutely free of venomous insects.Teresa agreed, gave him her number, and they worked out that James would pick her up that evening before the concert and drive them there.This was not what they had expected from their solitary lunch plans, and they were both excited, even though Teresa was doing a much better job of hiding it than James. The waitress brought out their food, placing the plates close to each other so James had to sit closer to Teresa on the bench. Teresa was happy to share the meal with James. They really enjoyed their rolls because the fish tasted very fresh. James got up to go in a hurry, because he realized it was 3 pm. He left a $50 bill on the table, and as he left he said that it was for both of them with a wink. Teresa laughed and waved goodbye from the bar with her chopsticks. 