Storyst_loc_soc_boundaries/22_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1



SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Sven and Isabel walked hurriedly from the cab into the Barcelona Airport after an incredible weekend with Isabel’s family, which had wiped away any doubts Sven had had about his decision to propose. 

They had only been dating for 11 months so this was the first time he had met her family. 

They were a little pressed for time, with only a little over an hour and 15 minutes until their flight would take off to go back to the US, but they already had their online boarding passes and no checked luggage. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


When Isabel stopped to rummage through her purse looking for her phone, Sven turned his back to her and took the velvet box out of his backpack, opening it to look at the ring he bought her.

He had received her parents’ blessing during the trip, and he was almost giddy with excitement. 

He tilted the ring backward and forward, despite having already studied it daily since he had purchased it a few weeks ago. 

It was a simple design, with two pink diamonds on a silver band.

“Sven, let’s go! ” Isabel said. 

Sven discretely closed the box and put it in his pocket.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


 They entered the security line, weaving through the roped walkways to the front. 

When they were up, Isabel realized her laptop was buried somewhere in her duffle bag. 

Sven had to hold the growing mound of objects she pulled from her bag until she unearthed the laptop and set it in a bin.

She then gave her bag to Sven, unstrapped her heels, and took the gab back from Sven, placing it on the conveyor belt.

Sven, relieved of his holding duties, hurriedly deposited his own backpack on the belt, pulled out his laptop, and took off his shoes as the people behind them glared without shame. 

Sven went into the millimeter wave scanner after Isabel, put his hands up, and the metal bars whirled around him.

“Sir, please step to the side.”

After looking at the monitor the security guard said, “Sir, please empty your pockets,”.

Isabel, shoeless and wrinkling her eyebrows at Sven, and the guard both looked at him expectantly.

With a sinking feeling Sven realized the mistake he had made forgetting to put the ring back in his bag.

Sven,  deciding he would make the best of the situation, grabbed Isabel's hand as he reached into his pocket.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Suddenly, Sven got down on one knee and, nervously chuckling, said, “Isabel, this isn't quite how I'd planned this, but - will you marry me?”

He held the ring out in the velvet box. 

The security guard gasped.

All the people who were putting their shoes back on and gathering their belongings stopped what they were doing and walked closer to the couple.

Isabel was in shock, and far too shy to respond in front of the backup of passengers waiting behind them.

She turned and frantically grabbed her and Sven’s shoes, leaving Sven to retrieve their bags and laptops.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


Sven, terrified, and now in shock himself, put their laptops in his bag and grabbing both their bags chased after Isabel onto the concourse. 

Everyone in the terminal was looking at them with confusion as Sven, holding the bags in one hand and the open ring box in the other, finally caught up to her.

“Isabel?”

He watched her face as she turned, trying to read her expression.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


Her eyes were wide, but she was smiling as she hyperventilated, “Of course yes, Sven, yes!” 

They dropped their belongings and hugged, and Sven slipped the ring onto Isabel’s finger. 

“Isabel, you scared me!” He said. 

After getting their shoes back on, they practically skipped to their gate, C40, filled with joy.

Sven was so happy he even high-fived a confused shoe-shine attendant as they passed.

They arrived at their gate, having actually made good time, until the attendant called for passengers.

Before boarding, Isabel texted her best friend telling her the news. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


After awhile, they boarded, sitting together in first class, in seats 2A and 2B, and had a glass of champagne to celebrate the departure into their new life together.

Some of their neighboring passengers who had witnessed the proposal congratulated them, and a woman next to them showed them that she had been live-tweeting the whole event and that it was already going viral online.

Isabel slid down in her seat with her hands over her face, both embarrassed and overjoyed at the same time.


