Storyst_loc_soc_boundaries/23_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1



SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Alex was a distracted, sweaty mess as he walked into the grocery store with Chloe; he was hoping that she wouldn't suspect that he was about to propose.

The grocery store was brightly lit; this was one of the nicest grocery stores in Atlanta, and sunlight poured in through the glass walls.

The atmosphere was also bright because tomorrow was Thanksgiving, and most shoppers had carts piled high with turkey, stuffing, and pies.

Alex wanted to propose to Chloe here because he knew she would not suspect it at all. 

Chloe loved surprises, and Alex loved the look on Chloe’s face when she was surprised. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


“Alex, we need to get some cranberry sauce, so let’s go there first.” 

She led the way to the section of the store that held the canned foods. 

Alex looked like he was going to throw up. 

As they were walking there, Chloe asked him, “Is everything okay, dear?”

“Oh yeah, for sure,” he said, unconvincingly. 

She chuckled, “Alright, whatever you say.” 

She was mulling over the different cans of cranberry sauce, and Alex knew she would be a while.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


He turned his back to her and pulled out the ring.

He had been saving up for this for a while. 

The ring had three large diamonds with smaller ones encircling each one: all of them sparkled in the light streaming in from the windows. 

“Alex?”, Chloe said suspiciously. 

He closed the box and whipped around. “Yes?”

“Do we need anything else?”

“Yeah I don’t know, honey.” 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


They went to the checkout and waited in a long line.

Alex was staring intensely off into the distance. 

Chloe was watching him trying to decide whether he looked scared or confused. 

Alex looked over at their friends who were waiting by the entrance of the grocery store.

They got the message and walked over slowly. 

“Honey,” he said to get her attention, “Look, Chloe, I love you so much and I want to be with you forever, I can’t imagine a day without you.”

“Awww, Alex, me too.”


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Alex got down on one knee, and Chloe gasped. 

“I am serious, Chloe. Will you marry me?”

The people in line around them realized what was happening, stepped back, and started taking pictures.

Their friends were no longer trying to hide and were videotaping and taking pictures too. 

Chloe looked around and laughed. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


“Yes!” she shouted, and jumped to embrace Alex in a hug. 

Everyone in line clapped and cheered. 

Alex put the ring on Chloe’s finger, who was nearly spinning in excitement.

“I love it, oh my gosh, it’s so glittery!

Look at this!” she said as she shoved her hand in a stranger’s face.

Her friends came over and hugged them.

The other people let them move up to the front of the checkout line. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


The cashier congratulated them and scanned their cranberry sauce. 

The total came to $4 and Chloe paid in cash while getting distracted and staring at the ring as she pulled out the bills.

Alex grabbed the cans, and they walked out with their friends bunched around them. 

