Storyst_loc_soc_boundaries/32_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1



SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Jeff, hoping that today would be a pivotal day for his company, had only been waiting inside the doors of the airport for a few minutes when he saw William and eagerly waved him over. 

Jeff, checking his watch, was pleased to see that the two of them had two hours to discuss business before their flights left Boston.

The two had met the night before in line for the bathroom at a local bar. 

Jeff had delivered some surprisingly-detailed complaints to William about the wine selection.

They quickly learned that they were both in the wine industry: Jeff was a sales associate for wine vineyards in the Northeast and William was a wine buyer for corporate events.

Since they both had flights out of Boston at the same time, they had agreed to meet at the airport and talk about potentially doing business. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


They headed to security together, and waited in the line.

“It’s crazy that we met last night,” William said, “I am flying out right now to meet my boss, and was worried that I was going to show up empty handed without any local retailer prepared.” 

“I know, what are the chances, right?” Jeff said.

William laughed and said, “I’m glad our shared complaining can come in handy.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


Ok, so, I know this is fast, but I'd like to get right down to business since I don’t want to worry about time.

I'd really like to order a couple of sample shipments from you and present them to our corporate buyers: I think they’d really love to have some East Coast variety. 

Now, typically we expect to get these kinds of samples at a deep discount, at least half-off the label price.

This is nothing, okay, compared to what you will be making if one of these buyers makes a contract.

So I propose that you send us 5 barrels of your select wines for $800.”

Before going through the metal detector, they slipped off their loafers, undid their belts and watches and pulled out their laptops from their briefcase bags. 

They placed everything in the bins. 

Jeff mulled over the offer, nodding noncommittally to William's pitch as they proceeded through the metal detector and retrieved their belongings.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


Having recovered from the security check, they began to walk through the concourse toward Jeff’s gate, B8, and William handed some printed spreadsheets to Jeff as they walked.

Jeff, weaving through the crowds of travelers, squinted at William's rosy projections of the number of bottles he could be able to purchase in the future.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Jeff said, “I don’t know, we’re not coming from corporate vineyards, so gambling with sample shipments is the kind of risk we can’t necessarily make. 

These corporate purchases would have to be huge and practically guaranteed, to offset the loss from selling sample shipments at this price.”

William decided to tell Jeff that they had med the same offer to their competitor, East Vines, who had refused and that they would make a better offer to Jeff and his company.

They walked to the gates very slowly, barely registering the hubbub of the airport since they were so caught up in figuring out this deal before their flights left.

At the end of their long walk, they got to Jeff’s gate first, which had begun boarding passengers.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


In these last minutes, William and Jeff agreed on a compromise rate on the sample shipment, paying $400 for a $600 shipment, and they finalized the deal with a handshake. 

“Well, what a tremendous pleasure to do business with you and to have all this work out,” William said.

Jeff nodded enthusiastically, and responded, “Likewise, this has been great.  

I'll let you get to your gate.

Once we’re both back on the ground, we can get all the shipments in the books.”

They parted with a wave as Jeff scanned his boarding pass at the gate. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


He walked onto the plane and sat down in seat 4A in the business class section.

He typed out a quick email on his phone letting the rest of his team know the good news. 

When the flight attendant came by, he ordered a glass of champagne to celebrate.

