Storyst_loc_soc_boundaries/34_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1



SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Charlie saw Alma as they walked into class and he motioned for her to come sit in the back next to him: they had business to discuss.

Charlie and Alma were both economics students with entrepreneurial bents.

They were also both very busy and in the same class.

After talking at a party, Charlie had discovered that Alma was looking for financing for her web development company.

It was serendipitous because he had been talking with other members of his venture capital group about making an investment. 

His financial group had come to a decision that morning about Alma’s idea, and he didn't want to wait until after class to discuss the proposal with her. 

The class was in a large auditorium with small, foldable desks on the side of each cushioned chair. 

There were large windows on both sides of the hall, and they could see the first flurries of a winter storm starting outside. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


“Here we are at Lecture Seven already in History of the Eternal City,” said the professor. 

“We're going to talk today about the age of the first Roman emperor: Augustus.” 

She went into some recap of the last lecture, and Charlie took this as an opportunity to start talking to Alma.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


“Okay so I’ve been thinking about your startup idea, and I have talked about it with my fellow investors.

We’d like to invest half of what you originally suggested.

Rather than $30,000, we start with $15,000.

We would see how the company does and then invest the other half later.” 

Alma, tapping her pen on her notebook, narrowed her eyes and pursed her lips.

She turned back to the lecture as she considered this.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


The professor was going on: “The senate had conferred upon him the title of Augustus the sacred and revered one, the restorer of traditional values, the city’s new religious leader, the restorer of temples. 

Augustus also sought to beautify Rome, make it into a new Athens, and dispel the criticisms of Rome as disorganized and ugly.”


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Alma turned back to Charlie and offered her rebuttal, “I don’t know about that: it’s not going to be possible to implement our ideas effectively unless the project is fully funded. 

We would have to find other investors and that would set us back in our timeline. 

Our profit projections assumed we'd be starting relatively soon, not months down the line.” 

They whispered back and forth during the whole class in order to work out a compromise. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


Finally, the class ended, and the professor dismissed the students with a reminder that the midterm paper was due on Thursday and that they should email their papers to the TA.

Everyone, except Charlie and Alma, packed up their things and headed out of the lecture hall to get to their next class. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


“Alright, so we’ll have the $30,000 wired to you by tomorrow,” Charlie said. 

This wasn't ideal for Charlie, but Alma had refused to budge, and his investment group had told him they were willing to pay the full amount if necessary. 

They shook hands, walked out of the now-empty lecture hall, and made plans to sign the official paperwork the next day.

