Storyst_loc_soc_boundaries/41_Story_Text





LOCATION BOUNDARY 1



SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


James noticed Teresa immediately as she walked into the restaurant - or, more accurately as she attempted to walk into the restaurant. 

She was typing intently on her phone and ran straight into the restaurant’s clear, glass door with an echoing thud. 

Everyone waiting around the cash register turned to see if she was okay.

Teresa rubbed her head.

While being both confused and unembarrassed, she looked mostly indignant that the door had been in her way. 

James found this quite charming and stole a couple glances at her, peeking up from the newspaper he was holding, until she noticed and wrinkled her eyebrows at him in suspicion. 

James and Teresa had both chosen the least busy time to try out Atlanta’s newest sushi restaurant.  

It was notable for both the food and but also for the decor: inside it looked like a forest. 

There were pine wood countertops and chairs, plants all along the sides of the walls, and branch-looking structures hanging from the ceilings. 

The waiter saw that James and Teresa were both alone and motioned to both of them. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 2


“Right this way.

You two don't mind sitting at the counter?” 

They sat a seat apart from each other on the split tree trunk that served as a bench.

The waitress behind the counter gave them bright neon menus that were filled with entrees in Japanese with small, English translations under them. 

Teresa quickly glanced through it, then pulled out a book and started reading it while James played with the salt and pepper shakers as he tried to think of an excuse to talk to Teresa.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


James eventually turned to her and asked, “Is your forehead alright?”

She put down her book and gave him a smirk.

“Have you ever been stung by a scorpion?”, she asked him, tilting her head.

“What?”, he asked confusedly.

 “A scorpion.”

James began to worry that Teresa had possibly suffered a concussion in the door crash.

“Uh no, why?” 

“Because I’ve been stung by one, and since then, things like bumping into doors seem like pretty small potatoes.” 

They carried on talking, and Teresa told him all about her encounter with a Deathstalker scorpion while she was studying abroad in Egypt.


LOCATION BOUNDARY 3


After a few minutes, the waitress behind the counter came up to them, “Are you ready for your order?” 

She first looked at Teresa who answered, “Yes, I’ll have a salmon roll and a Japanese beer.”

Then the waitress turned to James.

James said, “I’ll have a tuna roll and a vegetable roll.” 

“Alright, thank you!”

They picked up their conversation, and James ended up telling Teresa about a concert he was going to later that evening. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


After a few moments of thinking, he suddenly and nervously invited her to come along, promising her that the concert would be indoors and absolutely free of venomous insects.

Teresa agreed, gave him her number, and they worked out that James would pick her up before the concert and drive them there.

This was not what they had expected from their solitary lunch plans and were both excited, even though Teresa was doing a much better job of hiding it than James. 


LOCATION BOUNDARY 4


After awhile, the waitress brought out their food, and James took this opportunity to scoot closer to Teresa on the log bench. 

Teresa was happy to share the meal with James. 

They really enjoyed their rolls because the fish tasted very fresh. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


When the meal was over, they got up, hugged, and parted ways. 

James looked at his watch and was shocked, saying,“Can you believe it’s 3pm?!”

I have to run, got to finish some errands before the show.”

See you tonight!”

James walked out of the restaurant and looked back to see Teresa almost run into the door again. 

They both laughed and smiled once more goodbye. 

