Storystory_texts/11_Story_Text




Thomas, dreading the conversation he was about to have, got to Annika’s Finer Diner early.

The restaurant had a kitschy charm and was reminiscent of a diner from the 70’s. 

A bell chimed as the door swung open and Sadie entered to find Thomas deep in thought on a bench by the door.

He jumped up and gave her a side hug. 

“How was your day?”, he asked.

She clung onto him, “It was okay.

I missed you today.”

He looked at the hostess coming towards them.

“Can we have a table in the back?”, Thomas asked.

She shrugged and, as she loudly popped her bubblegum, replied, “Sure, honey, this way.”

She led them to the back of the restaurant where there were dimly lit tables. 

“Is this alright?”, the hostess asked.

Thomas cleared his throat and tried not to grimace at the stained fabric that lined the booth.

“This is great.

Thank you,” Thomas said.

Sadie slipped into the cushioned seat and grabbed Thomas’ hand.

“Tell me about your day!”, Sadie sang as Thomas sat down.

He looked at her silently and pulled his hand slowly from hers.

Sadie gave him a puzzled look.

Thomas looked away and took a deep breath. 

Sadie asked, “What’s wrong?” 

Thomas picked at his fingernails.

“Sadie, I’ve been thinking, and I need to figure out some stuff… on my own.”

Sadie’s mouth popped open for a moment.

Then she swallowed and shifted back in her seat.

“Things have been really picking up at work.

And I’m not sure that this is the job I want to do anymore.

It’s been really overwhelming between working and figuring out if I should change careers.” 

The waiter appeared and interrupted the speech Thomas had been practicing.

“Hello you two!”, the waiter said.

“Have you decided what you would like?”

Thomas and Sadie realized there were menus on the table, and they glanced at the lengthy list quickly.

There were so many strange dishes they had never heard of before, so they settled on familiar orders.

“I’ll have a burger, no tomatoes,” Thomas said.

Sadie asked about the reuben, and the waiter told her it was excellent.

Once she agreed to get that, he walked away. 

Sadie and Thomas looked at each other. 

“So what are you saying?”, Sadie asked. 

Thomas replied, “I want to take a break for awhile.

You know, have space to figure out what I’m supposed to be doing.”

Sadie quietly burst into tears. 

Nevertheless, people sitting at the adjacent table looked over and quickly averted their gaze as they realized what was happening. 

“Is this really what you want?

I don’t understand.

I don’t understand.

Things were fine. 

We don’t have to hang out all the time, or as much as we do now.”

Thomas chewed on his bottom lip and picked at his now bleeding hangnail. 

At that moment, the waiter arrived with the burger and reuben and set them on the table.

“Is there anything else I can get for you two?

Will you be getting dessert tonight?”, he asked.

“Oh no, we’re good, thanks,” Thomas said.

Once the waiter had walked away still oblivious to the situation, Thomas sighed and said, “Sadie, I’m sorry.

You are so great, and I love hanging out with you.

But I need some time.

I’m so sorry.”

He grabbed her hand, and she pulled it out of his.

“Sadie,” he said.

 She stood up, grabbed half of the reuben and shook it at him as she growled, “Don’t follow me, and don’t talk to me anymore!”

Sadie's heels clacked loudly against the black and white linoleum, and the bell above the door jingled cheerfully as the door closed behind her.

Thomas sat there for awhile in shock at how quickly everything transpired. 

He grabbed his burger and took a bite of it, creating a dry and fishy taste in his mouth.

He dropped it back on his plate and wondered if the restaurant was responsible for the foul taste. 

