Storystory_texts/13_Story_Text




The grocery store was not the place Emmanuella and Liam wanted to be at the moment considering they had been fighting beforehand to the point where Emmanuella was thinking of breaking up with Liam as she had been for the past 5 months.

However, they had to go grocery shopping because they were hosting a dinner party for friends that evening and had no groceries. 

The grocery store smelled like lavender upon entering and was dimly lit with pine shelves in the entrance and obscure, aesthetic, organic products stocking them.

Then, Emmanuella headed immediately for the pasta section, not looking to see if Liam was following, and he trailed behind her. 

She selected a few boxes of bow-tie pasta.

“I guess we are having a pasta dish tonight,” Liam said.

Emmanuella looked back at him and said, “Well if you were going to actually help cook, I would be fine with something else.”

Liam sighed, and finally said, “You konw, you don’t want me to help.

I try to, but it seems like I always get in the way!” 

Emmanuella shook her head and dropped the boxes in the cart.

 “Liam, you don’t even try!

She continued down the aisle and grabbed a jar of vodka sauce and a can of olives. 

You know what?

I don’t think I can do this anymore and I want to break up since I’m tired of the constant fighting. 

I was going to wait until after this unfortunately-timed dinner party tonight to talk about this, but I might as well say it now.

I feel like when we try to do anything anymore it ends up unpleasant for the stupidest reasons, and I am just past  trying to work things out.”

Liam refused to look at her as she picked out sauces for the pasta, and then she threw up her hands, saying, “You know what, if this party is still happening we are going to just eat pasta.”

They headed to the checkout area where there was only one station open, station 2, but it was not crowded at all.

Emmanuella sighed and got in line while Liam pretended to be interested in the magazine racks as he thought. 

Finally he turned to her and sighed, “Yes, I think the same thing.

I think we should break up because we could definitely be happier with other people.” 

As Emmanuella waited in line, she took a moment to compose herself, deciding that there was no reason to continue making a scene in the store. 

 Right when Liam came back with the pasta, the cashier started scanning their groceries.

The cost came to $30, and Emmanuella paid with her credit card.

She asked Liam politely to take the bags, and he obliged, following her to toward the exit. 

“Liam, I think we are making the right decision.

This is good.” 

“I agree,” he said, visibly relieved at the thought that they had gotten through the last fight they would ever need to have.

“I think we can still host this dinner tonight, as long as you're still on board,” Emmanuella said.

Liam nodded, “Yes, let’s just not tell anyone yet.” 

Emmanuella laughed, “Whoever leaks it loses their rights to the cat.”

Liam chuckled a little and responded, “Hey, Luna is mine and I want back.”

Emmanuella rolled her eyes and managed a weak chuckle, knowing the cat would be a whole other issue to sort out later.


