Storystory_texts/14_Story_Text




Maria walked into lecture beside Henry, and she was mentally rehearsing what she should say to break up with him.

She had been putting it off with a growing sense of dread, and now this lecture was the last chance before she had to leave campus. 

The lecture hall was large, with a stage for the lecturer in the front of the room, and tiered seats that stretched up in 15 stacked rows. 

The clock struck 3 pm, and Maria and Henry slid into neighboring seats near the back of the room.

“Good afternoon, everybody,” said the professor, fiddling to connect his laptop with the projector.

“Welcome to week 4 of Intro to Ancient Philosophy. 

Today we are going to continue our lecture on Aristotelian Philosophy.”

Everyone in class pulled out their notebooks and settled in their seats as the slides appeared on the large front screens.

“Henry,” Maria whispered.

“Hmm?” he replied, distracted.

“Henry, I need to tell you something really important, and I don’t know when else I’ll have a chance to do it,” she said.

“Okay, what's up?”, he said, tilting his head close to her. 

 “Henry, I don’t think I can do long distance.

I think what we have here is great, but I think it will be really hard when we are so far apart for such an extended period.

I’m sorry I’m telling you now in lecture, but I'm out of time, and it’s taken me awhile to come to this decision.

I really think this is best, and who knows what will happen when I get back from my study abroad.” 

While Henry tried to think of what to say, he and Maria stared unlistening at the professor as he started the lecture, “First we will talk about Aristotle’s work, The Categories.

This text, as you might have been able to guess, is about the kinds, or categories, of things that there are.

In fact, our term category comes from this Aristotelian context.” 

Henry felt horrible, like the wind had just been knocked out of him.

A few tears started to fall down his cheeks as he whispered back, “Maria, I think we can make it work.

I’ll come visit you.

It will be fine.

I don’t want to break up.”

Maria felt so guilty that she nearly gave in, but forced herself to hold her ground, knowing that this would make things much easier for both of them in the future.

She gave his hand a squeeze but shook her head sadly, before turning back to her laptop and half-heartedly taking notes on the lecture which they sat through in painful silence.

Finally, the professor was wrapping up, “This is what Aristotle means when he says that an animal’s or plant’s form rather than its matter is its nature. 

Alright class, that’s all for today. 

Remember the final exam is coming up next week on Tuesday on the Pre-Socratics, Plato, and Aristotle, so feel free to come by office hours to discuss if you have the inspiration.

And if anyone is doing the 20 page paper in lieu of the final, that’s due next Tuesday as well.

Have a good day, folks.” 

Maria and Henry packed up hurriedly, and slipped quickly out of the class before the rest of the crowd. 

They hugged outside, and both of them were crying. 

“Maria, I don’t want you to leave.

I don’t want this to end. 

But if this is what you think is best, I can’t make it otherwise.” 

They hugged one last time, and Maria ran off to get her things from her dorm.

Henry sadly watched her go. 

