Storystory_texts/22_Story_Text




Sven and Isabel walked hurriedly from the cab into the Barcelona Airport after an incredible weekend with Isabel’s family, which had wiped away any doubts Sven had had about his decision to propose. 

They were a little pressed for time, with only a little over an hour until their flight would take off to go back to the US, but they already had their online boarding passes and no checked luggage. 

When Isabel stopped to rummage through her purse looking for her phone, Sven turned his back to her and took the velvet box out of his backpack, opening it to look at the ring he bought her.

He had received her parents’ blessing during the trip, and he was almost giddy with excitement. 

He tilted the ring backward and forward, despite having already studied it daily since he had purchased it a few weeks ago. 

It was a simple design, with a clear, white diamond on a thin silver band.

“Sven, let’s go! ” Isabel said. 

Sven discretely closed the box and put it in his pocket.

 They entered the security line, weaving through the roped walkways to the front. 

When they were up, Isabel realized her laptop was buried somewhere in her duffle bag. 

Sven had to hold the growing mound of objects she pulled from her bag until she unearthed the laptop.

She set it into a bin and then had to unstrap her leather boots and put everything else into the bins.

Finally, she relieved Sven of his holding duties, and he hurriedly deposited his own backpack on the belt as the people behind them glared without shame. 

Sven went into the millimeter wave scanner after Isabel, put his hands up, and the metal bars whirled around him.

“Sir, please step to the side.

You need to empty your pockets,” the security guard said.

With a sinking feeling Sven realized the mistake he had made forgetting to put the ring back in his bag, as Isabel and the guard both looked at him expectantly.

Sven,  deciding he would make the best of the situation, grabbed Isabel's hand as he reached into his pocket.

He got down on one knee and, giggling slightly at her confused look, said, “Isabel, this isn't quite how I'd planned this, but - will you marry me?”

The security guard gasped.

All the people who were putting their shoes back on and gathering their belongings stopped what they were doing and walked closer to the couple.

Isabel was astonished, and far too shy to respond in front of the backup of passengers waiting behind them.

She attempted to stammer a response as she frantically grabbed her and Sven’s shoes, leaving Sven to retrieve their bags.

Both of them slipping in their socked feet, she fled onto the concourse with Sven trying to catch up behind her.

Everyone in the terminal was looking at them with confusion as Sven, holding the bags in one hand and the open ring box in the other, finally caught up to her.

“Isabel?”

He watched her face as she turned, trying to read her expression.

Her eyes were wide, but she was smiling as she hyperventilated, “Of course yes, Sven, yes!” 

They dropped their belongings and hugged, and Sven slipped the ring onto Isabel’s finger. 

After getting their shoes back on, they practically skipped to the gate, filled with joy.

Sven high-fived a confused shoe-shine attendant as they passed.

They sat down outside their gate, having actually made good time, until the attendant called for passengers.

They boarded, sitting together in first class, and had a glass of champagne to celebrate the departure into their new life together.

Some of their neighboring passengers who had witnessed the proposal congratulated them, and a woman next to them showed them that she had been live-tweeting the whole event and that it was already going viral online.

Isabel slid down in her seat with her hands over her face, both embarrassed and overjoyed at the same time.


