Storystory_texts/41_Story_Text




James noticed Teresa immediately as she walked into the restaurant - or, more accurately as she attempted to walk into the restaurant. 

She was typing intently on her phone and ran straight into the diner's clear, glass door with an echoing thud. 

Everyone waiting around the cash register turned to see if she was okay.

Teresa rubbed her head.

While being both confused and unembarrassed, she looked mostly indignant that the door had been in her way. 

James found this quite charming and stole a couple glances at her until she noticed and wrinkled her eyebrows at him in suspicion. 

The restaurant they were in was a cabin-themed diner with wooden booths and bar, walls covered in plaid blankets, and antler decorations. 

The waiter saw that James and Teresa were both alone and motioned to both of them. 

“Right this way.

You two don't mind sitting at the counter?” 

They sat a seat apart from each other on the split tree trunk that served as a bench.

 The waitress behind the counter gave them bright neon menus that were filled with breakfast items.

Teresa quickly glanced through it, then pulled out a book and started reading it while James played with the salt and pepper shakers as he tried to think of an excuse to talk to Teresa.

James eventually turned to her and asked, “Your forehead alright?”

She put down her book and gave him a smirk.

“Have you ever been stung by a scorpion?”, she asked him, tilting her head.

“What?”, he asked confusedly.

 “A scorpion.”

James began to worry that Teresa had possibly suffered a concussion in the door crash.

“Uh no, why?” 

“Because I’ve been stung by one, and since then, things like bumping into doors seem like pretty small potatoes.” 

They carried on talking, and Teresa told him all about her encounter with a Deathstalker scorpion while she was studying abroad in Egypt.

After a few minutes, the waitress behind the counter came up to them, “Alrighty, can I take you order?” 

She first looked at Teresa who answered, “I’ll have a Western Omelette and a glass of milk.”

Then the waitress turned to James.

James said, “I’ll have the chocolate chip pancakes and a coffee.” 

“Alrighty, comin’ right up!”

They picked up their conversation, and James ended up telling Teresa about a concert he was going to later. 

He invited her to come along, promising her that the concert would be indoors and absolutely free of venomous insects.

Teresa agreed, gave him her number, and they worked out that James would pick her up before the concert and drive them there.

This was not what they had expected from their solitary lunch plans and were both excited, even though Teresa was doing a much better job of hiding it than James. 

 After awhile,  the waitress brought out their food, and James took this opportunity to scoot closer to her on the log bench. 

Teresa was happy to share the meal with James, despite their food tasting pretty bad. 

Judging by how salty the pancakes tasted, they suspected that the chef had confused the salt and sugar.

When the meal was over, they got up, hugged, and parted ways. 

James said,“I have to run, got to get to work.

See you tonight!”

Teresa smiled and walked towards the door without looking, and almost ran into the door again. 

They both laughed and smiled once more goodbye. 

