Storystory_texts/13_Story_Text




The grocery store was not the place Emmanuella and Liam wanted to be at the moment considering that they had been fighting to the point where Emmanuella was seriously considering calling off the relationship.

0.1: Emmanuella had been thinking of breaking up with Liam for the past 5 months.

0.7*: Despite the current tension, they were hosting a dinner party for friends that evening and had little at home with which to cook. 

0.5*: The grocery store smelled like lavender upon entering and was dimly lit with pine shelves in the entrance and obscure, organic products displayed on them.

0.1: In the pasta section, Emmanuella grabbed a few boxes of bow-tie pasta.

0.2: “I guess we are having a pasta dish tonight,” Liam said.

0.25: Emmanuella looked back at him and said, “Well, if you were going to actually help cook, I would be fine with something else.”

0.1: Liam sighed, and said, “You know- you don’t want me to help.

0.05: I try to, but it seems like I always get in the way!” 

0.15: Emmanuella shook her head and dropped the pasta boxes in the basket she was holding.

0.25:  “Like you even try,” she mumbled to herself. 

0.35: She continued down the aisle and studied a jar of vodka sauce and a can of olives before putting them in the basket as well. 

0.55*: Emmanuella suddenly wrinkled her eyebrows, turned to Liam, and said, “I want to break up since I’m tired of the constant fighting. 

0.1: I was going to wait until after this horribly-timed dinner party tonight to talk about this, but I might as well say it now.

0.0: I feel like when we try to do anything anymore it ends up unpleasant for the stupidest reasons, and I am just past trying to work things out.”

0.15: Liam was nodding automatically.

0.75*: In the checkout area, there was only one station open, Station 2, but it was not very crowded; they got in line

0.1: Liam gazed in the direction of the magazines, but his eyes were glazed over as he was working things out in his head while Emmanuella scrutinized the pasta sauce again. 

0.25: After a few minutes of thinking, Liam recollected himself, and said coldly, “Yes, I think the same thing.

0.0: I think we should break up because we could definitely be happier with other people.” 

0.0: Emmanuella nodded as she listened. 

0.55*: The cashier began to scan their groceries.

0.0: The cost came to $30, and Emmanuella paid with her credit card.

0.6*: Filled with a sudden wave of sadness, Emmanuella said, “Liam, I think we are making the right decision- this is good.”

0.0: “I agree,” he said, relieved at the hope he was entertaining that they had just gotten through their last fight. 

0.2: “I think we can still host this dinner tonight, as long as you're still on board,” Emmanuella said.

0.0: Liam nodded, “Yes, let’s just not tell anyone we’ve broken up tonight.” 

0.1: Emmanuella laughed, “Whoever leaks it loses their right to the cat.”

0.0: Liam chuckled and responded, “Hey!

0.1: Luna is mine, and I want her back.”

0.0: Emmanuella rolled her eyes, knowing the cat would be a whole other issue to sort out later.


