Storystory_texts/32_Story_Text




Jeff, hoping that today would be a pivotal day for his company, had only been waiting inside the entrance of the airport for a few minutes when he saw William and eagerly waved him over. 

0.15: William checked his watch and was pleased to see that the two of them had two hours to discuss business before their flights left Boston.

0.35: Jeff and William had met the night before in line for the bathroom at a local bar. 

0.15: Jeff had delivered some surprisingly-detailed complaints to William about the wine selection.

0.15: They quickly learned that they were both in the wine industry: Jeff was a sales associate for wine vineyards in the Northeast, and William was a wine buyer for corporate events.

0.2: Since they both had flights out of Boston at the same time, they had agreed to meet at the airport and talk about doing business together. 

0.45: They waited in line at security.

0.3: “It’s crazy that we met last night,” William said.

0.2: “I am flying out right now to meet my boss, and was worried that I was going to show up empty handed without anything to show for the East Coast.” 

0.05: “I know, what are the chances, right?” Jeff replied.

0.1: William laughed and said, “I’m glad our complaining can come in handy.”

0.7*: William got focused and, shifting gears, said, “I know this is fast, but I'd like to get right down to business since time is a limiting factor.

0.2: I'd really like to order a couple of sample shipments from you and present them to our clients: I think they’d really love to have some East Coast variety. 

0.05: Now, typically we expect to get these kinds of samples at a steep discount, at least half-off the label price.

0.15: This small loss is well worth the profit you’d be making if even a single client makes a contract.

0.05: So, I propose that you send us 5 crates of your select wines for $800.”

0.9*: Before going through the metal detector, there was a pause in the security line to roll out the empty bin cart and roll in a filled one. 

0.1: Jeff and William placed everything into bins. 

0.05: Jeff mulled over the offer, nodding noncommittally to William's pitch as they proceeded through the metal detector.

0.35: Having recovered from the security check, they began to walk through the concourse toward Jeff’s gate, B8, and William handed some printed spreadsheets to Jeff.

0.1: Jeff, weaving through the crowd of travelers, squinted at William's rosy projections of the number of bottles he would purchase in the future.

0.25: After thinking for a couple minutes, Jeff said, “I am not sure about this since we’re not coming from a corporate vineyard and gambling with sample shipments at this rate is the kind of risk we can’t necessarily make. 

0.0: These corporate purchases would have to be huge and practically guaranteed to offset the loss from selling sample shipments at a price like you suggest.”

0.3: William told Jeff that they had made the same offer to their competitor, Yankee Vines, who had refused and that they would make a better offer to Jeff and his company.

0.55*: They walked to the gates very slowly, barely registering the hubbub of the airport.

0.4: William and Jeff came to an agreement on a compromise rate on the sample shipment, paying $400 for a $600 shipment of wine samples, and they finalized the deal with a handshake. 

0.05: “Well, what a tremendous pleasure to do business with you and to have all this work out,” William said.

0.05: Jeff nodded enthusiastically, and responded, “Likewise- this has been great.  

0.1: I'll let you get to your gate.

0.1: Once we’re both back on the ground, we can work out all the official documentation and get this in the books.”

0.45: Jeff jogged to his gate, scanned his boarding pass, and walked onto the plane.

0.2: He sat down in seat 4A in the business class section and typed out a quick email on his phone letting the rest of his team know the good news. 

0.2: When the flight attendant came by, he ordered a glass of wine for himself.

