Storystory_texts/42_Story_Text




David saw Anna for the first time when she burst into the airport frazzled with her half-zipped bag skidding behind her.

0.06: He had three hours until his flight and had been reading a book on the laptop he was holding in the entrance to the airport, but she had only 35 minutes and was hoping to spend as little time in the entrance as possible. 

0.59*: Anna, a few strides into the airport, suddenly realized to her dismay that her shoes were untied, so she hunched over to tie them.

0.41: David, who had been intrigued by Anna, observed that someone with a tall cart of luggage was heading straight for where she was kneeling and that both her and the person driving the cart were oblivious to the impending collision. 

0.06: After a few moment of deliberation, David decided to intervene, and he ran in front of the cart pushing her out of the way just in the nick of time, and they tumbled on the airport floor. 

0.18: Anna, bewildered, looked up and saw the cart pass by and then looked at David. 

0.24: He flashed a smile and asked, “Were you ever a gymnast?

0.06: Because that was a nice tumble.”

0.12: She managed a chuckle and said, “Actually, yes, but I’d say that deserved a score of zero.

0.12: Maybe a ‘1’ at least for your effort. 

0.12: Wow- I almost got smooshed by that cart.”

0.18: Her head was still spinning as she stared at the handsome stranger who had saved her. 

0.12: David helped her up and had to keep holding on to her arms to steady her even once they were standing.

0.47: “I’m really late for my flight,” she said. 

0.24: “Don't worry,” said David, "let me help you get to your gate." 

0.0: She worried that he would be late for his flight, and he assured her that he had time. 

0.76*: At security, the line was not long, but, since Anna’s flight departure was close at hand, the security guard allowed them to go to the front of the line.

0.18: They had to wait however, because there was a strange malfunction of the metal detector. 

0.47: In this span of time, they managed to find out that they had gone to the same high school and that Anna had graduated 3 years before David. 

0.24: They hurriedly took off their shoes and coats.

0.0: Anna placed her purse and suitcase on the conveyor belt, and David put his backpack on the conveyor belt as well, with his laptop in a separate bin. 

0.0: Both of them went through the metal detector without any problems. 

0.12: As they were rushing to put their shoes and coats on, they shared when they were coming back. 

0.47: In a moment of boldness, David asked, “When we're back in town next Tuesday, is there any chance you'd want to get dinner?

0.0: I know we just met, but when life throws a luggage cart at you it seems like we should listen. “

0.06: She stopped packing, and said with a smile, “Yes I would love that.”

0.76*: On the concourse, they had to run to get to Anna’s gate, J37, which was at the end of the terminal. 

0.18: David took her suitcase, grabbed her hand, and weaved crowd of people.

0.0: People passing them were giving them funny looks because Anna appeared so bewildered on account of David’s help.

0.18: Before getting to the gate, explaining that she would sprint the rest of the way, Anna fished out a crumpled business card from her pocket and handed it to David, who handed her her suitcase.

0.06: She gave him one last embarrassed smile, thanked him, and hurried away.

0.41: David looked at his watch which read 10:55 AM, 5 minutes before her flight was supposed to leave. 

0.29: At the gate, Anna waved to the flight attendant who motioned for her to hurry, and she boarded the plane. 

0.29: She slid into her window seat, 7D, in business class, and barely containing her glee, she hugged the plastic-wrapped blanket. 

0.29: She was thankful that she had not only made it onto the plane in time, but also that she had been clumsy enough to forget to tie her shoes.

