13
Emmanuella and liam were at a grocery store shopping for pasta. they had a dinner party coming up and were buying the neccessary ingredients. emmanuella made a comment about liam helping out and liam stated that everytime he tries to help, it feels like he's just getting in the way. emmanuella responded doublequote as if you trieddoublequote or something to that extent. the two then discussed how they were both unhappy in the relationship and mutually agreed to break up, stating they would be happier with someone else. they then agreed to pretend they were still together and liamquestion stated whoever spilled the beans would lose custody of the cat. emmanuella said that this issue would be saved for another time




14
Maria and henry were sitting in lecture together. maria was thinking about breaking up with henry for some time and finally decides to do so because she is leaving for study abroad. initially, henry does not want to break up, stating he loves her, but eventually agrees. upon leaving the lecture, maria realizes she forgot her favorite alpaqa sweater in henry's dorm and needed to grab it before her flight in a few hours. she asks henry if he could bring it to her and meet somewhere on campus. henry obliges 




31
Mr. shelton is the cfo of a large aviation company and mr. gordon is the ceo of a small technological company. the two are grabbing food together to work out an agreement about purchasing mr. gordon's company. the two order in the meantime, mr. shelton a medium rare steak with a martini and mr. gordon veal with some alcholic drink. the food turns out to not be great since it is dry but mr. shelton and mr. gordon has out a deal for 600 million dollars. mr. gordon was a bit unsure at first because he thought that his company may not do well in a large coorporate environment and may not scale well. mr shelton eased those nerves by citing another small company that did very well after being bought out and incorporated into the large scale operation. the two agree and cheers




42
David and anna are at the airport waiting for flights. david watches from afar as a crate or small vehicle slowly gets closer to anna. as the vehicle almost hits anna, david lunges and saves anna from the crash. david makes a light hearted joke asking anna if she participated in gymnastics because her tumble was great. anna responds by saying 'actually i did but i would give that  a 0/10, well a 1/10 for your efforts.' the two chat and david accompanies anna through security as her flight time is approaching. david then asks anna if she would like to grab dinner the next time the both are in town and anna agrees. maybe not relevant to the story but i think their gate number was b17




32
Jeff and william are at an airport discussing business. the two met the other day at maybe a bar when they were discussing wines. coincidentally, jeff is a wine maker/owner and william distributes to large companies. the two are discussing details on potential sales while passing through security. initially william offers 800 dollars for a crate of samples to jeff, citing the amount he loses on these discounted wine bottles will be made up in potential contracts to large businesses. jeff initially nods, albeit weakly, but stands more firm after they pass through airport security. jeff is afraid of the potential losses after looking through the papers william gave him and renegotiates. in the end, jeff agrees to sell a 600 dollar shipment for 400 dollars to williams distribution, and jeff happily texts his co-workers




41
James is sitting at a sushi restaurant waiting to be seated. from far away, he see's teresa running into the window/door and he chuckles. the two end up seated next to each other at the bar and start talking. james says something along the lines of 'how's your forehead' and teresa responds 'at least it wasn't a scorpion bite.' for a second, james was scared that teresa suffered a concussion but then the conversation proceeds to when teresa was travelling and encountered scorpions. the two eat sushi/drinks and james has to run off. he leaves a $50 on the table, saying it's for the two of them and gives teresa a wink. i believe they made plans to see each other again in the future. also this scene i believe is in atlanta or somewhere georiga




24
Aaron and lana are both sitting in a chemistry class, probably introduction to chemistry at an undergrad level. lana is doing calculus hw for another class and aaron is thinking about the upcoming proposal. he got her a ring that has 5 red ruby's i believe and is a bit nervous. the professor is giving a lecture about categories and how sodium has 11 protons so it will always be classified the same despite losing or gaining electrons. he calls up aaron and lana to the front of the lecture hall and lana is confused. aaron then gets on one knee and proposes, and the professor scrolls to the last slide of his powerpoint where aaron has created a collage/slideshow of the couple. the class cheers and the professor ends class, citing 'that's enough excitement for the day.' he also announces that they have a midterm coming up on the first four weeks of lecture material. llana and aaron celebreate with friends and lana also texts pictures of the ring




23
Alex and chloe are at a supermarket during a time close to thanksgiving. the store is filled with turkey, stuffing and traditional thanksgiving foods. alex is fidgeting with the single diamond ring that he purchased for chloe as she made her way to finding certain foods. the two then wait in line and alex can see his friends waiting outside. he then proposes in the supermarket and the other shoppers start taking pictures. chloe tearfully says yes and alex/chloe's friends come in and take videos and pics. chloe texts a picture of the ring to her mom. also i believe their total came out to either $12 or $20 for groceries




