42
David was waiting at the airport for a flight in three hours. he noticed anna, looking frazzled and with an unzipped bag hurry into the airport. her shoes were untied and as she bent down to tie the, a man with a cart full of luggage was coming her way. david had been reading a book on his laptop when he noticed all this. in a split second decision, he pushed anna out of the way of the cart. although dazzled, he helped her up and held on to her since she wasn't steady. he helped her through security and they rushed to catch her flight. while talking at the security line, they realized they had both gone to the same high school although anna had graduated three years before david. outside the flight, they discussed when both were coming back and decided to meet next tuesday for dinner in town. anna was happy to make her flight in such a rush, and also pleased that her shoes had been untied so that all of this had happened.




31
Both mr. shelton and mr. gordon were meeting at a restaraunt for a business deal. it was an old place with wooden panelling and animals on the wall. the menu was thick and had a felt covering, with drinks listed on the last page. both men were part of the aviation industry and mr. sheldon, from a bigger company, was looking to acquire mr. gordon's smaller yet specialized firm. mr. sheldon ordered a medium rare steak and martini, while mr. gordon ordered veal and a manhattan. during the course of the meal they agreed on the deal, and that mr. gordon would have autonomy on the way his section would run things. unfortunately they did not apreciate the food and found it sub-par in quality, but did toast to the merger.




11
Thomas had called sadie to a restaraunt with the intention of breaking up with her. he had been thinking about it for two months, and stated that his was unhappy with his job and wanted tie to figure out a career change. sadie had not expected this, but suggested that theycould work things out and maybe spend less time together if needed. they were ineruppted by the waiter and ordered a burger and something. after refusing any dessert, sadie stood up in anger, waved her food at thomas and said he should try to contact or meet her. she also mentioned that she wanted her beetles poster and polariod camera back, then stormed out of the place. the bell on the door seemed to chime happily after she left, and thomas slumped back and took a bite of his burger. it had a dry and fishy taste that he wondered whether was just cause of the way it was cooked. he couldn't believe how quickly things had just happened.




44
Leon saw ariana as she walked into his history class at college. he hadn't expected to see anyone he knew here, yet she looked familiar. they were in a large lecture hall with rows of chairs and foldable desks, with a podium and movable blackboard in front. it was a basement lecture hall in the history department, and they were starting a class on the history of egypt. their topic of discussion that day was mummies, and how complicated the whole process of mummification is. the professor mentioned how it was a really long drawn process that required experts to conduct the 70 day ritual. throughout the class leon couldn't forget about ariana, and they started exchanging notes. although she wasn't from la, they agreed to go for a walk later that day. the professor ended the class announcing that they would have a quiz on friday about mummification. leon and araina finally talked in person at the end of the class, with ariana being in a hurry to get to her next class.




13
Emmanuella and liam are at a grocery store ince they were hosting a dinner party with friends that night and had no supplies at home. the grocery store was big with oak shelves. the two of them were not in a good mood since they had been fighting, and even as emmanuella picked up box-tie pasta, they had another disagreeement about liam not helping out enough and getting in the way. they also picked up vodka sauce and a box of olives. only one cashier was open and they went into aisle two. they realized it would be best it they broke up. their grocery total was 30 dollars, and emmanuella paid by her credit card. as they walked out with liam holding the bags, they decided to still hold the dinner party and not tell their friends that they are breaking up. the story ended with them laughing on the agreement that whoever told their friends would not get to keep their cat. liam soured saying that the cat was his, and emmanuella realized they had another fight coming.




33
Ms. bianchi and ms. morrison were meeting at a grocery store for a business deal. ms. bianchi was the high up executive in a firm that produced italian cheese while ms. morrison was in charge of stocking quite a few grocery stores. ms. bianchi was here to convince ms. morrision to stock her italian gourmet cheese in her stores, and they eventually settled on a deal for 15000. both  of them picked up some crackers and stood at the check out line where ms. morrison used a cheque to pay for her 23 dollar groceries. pleased that they would be able to beat their competitors, orange groceries, ms. morrision popped the cork of a small champagne bottle she had in her handbag. ms. bianchi remarked that she was very happy to be doing business in america.




24
Aaron had decided to propose to lana in their chemistry class in princeton, in the same lecture hall they had met in three years earlier as freshmen in college. lana did not see it coming, but aaron had already planned with the professor. aaron had a ring that, instead of the usual one diamond, had five small diamonds that were red in color, in a small box that he had inside his bag. the two tried to take notes in the class where the professor explained about ions and protons, citing sodium, na, as an example. towards the end the professor called both of them down to the front for a small demonstartion. aaron got down on one knee and pulled out the ring. the professor changed the presenation to the last slide that had a photo collage of the two of them. their freinds waiting outside rushed in as lana said yes. after everyone congratulated them, and the professor gave aaron a handshake, they went back to their seats and lana texted her sister first. the class ended with the professor announcing a test on the material covered in the last four classes.




22
Sven and isabel were at the airport in barcelona, just having spent a wonderful week with her parents. they had a flight in one and a half hours, and sven had a ring with two pink diamonds in his pocket. he had gotten isabel's parents' approval over the trip. in the security line, there was a hold up due to a man who had a lot of metal objects on his. isabel had a hard time finding her laptop at the bottom of the bag, and sven had to hold on to her stuff in the meantime. however, sven forgot to take the ring out and got caught in the metal detector. right there he pulled it out and got down on one knee to propose. isabel was really shy and she ran off with both their shoes. sven folled with all the bags, scared. once they neared their gate, c40, isabel shouted yes and was overjoyed. they reached their seats, 2a and 2b in first class, and were congratulated by neighbors who had witnessed the proposal at the security checkpoint. isabel was both emabrresed and overjoyed.




