32
Capslockthey met at an airport, while waiting for a plane to boston




14
Capslockthey broke up in a lecture hall. maria said they should break up because she said she will be studying abroad and that distance is not a good thing.




22
Capslockthey were at an airport when this happened. sven left the ring in his pocket, at security, before giving it to isabel. he beeped at security, so he took the ring out and gave it to isabel and proposed right then and there. everyone was very happy for them. one woman on their plane recorded them, posted the video on twitter, and everything went viral!




44
Capslockthey were in class when they met. ariana said that they havent met before and that she might have a twin sister in la. leon was convinced that he met ariana because both her looks and her voice seemed familiar. 




21
They were in a restaurant that had a beautiful view of the pacific ocean. 




43
They were looking at meat at a grocery store together, for their barbeques. carina was trying to figure out what to say to simon, as she was shy, and she called the meat ''cute.'' simon agreed and they went to the checkout line together. simon paid for carina's food and carina realized she was running late for her barbeque, so she was in a rush to leave the store. the cashier said, ''i hope she gets to her barbeque on time!''




13
Capslockthey were in a grocery store when they decided to break up. they decided to break up because emmanuella said liam isn't very helpful. liam said he tries to be helpful, but that when he tries to help, emmanuella said he always gets in the way. emmanuella said that their cat is a whole other issue, to be sorted out later. they had planned a dinner party for that night and emmanuella told liam to not tell anyone they broke up.




31
They were in a restaurant and the food was only okay, not that great. mr. gordon was a cfo at a large company in the aviation industry. he had been working in this industry for decades. mr. shelton was working for a small company. mr. gordon said he wanted to buy mr. shelton's company for $6 million to help defeat a competitor. they agreed and cheered and klanked glasses for the cheer.




