44
Leon and ariana are students at a university. leon notices ariana first and thinks that she looks familiar but cannot determine why. they are in a class on egypt together and he takes the opportunity to pass her a note. they communicate through note passing during the class and eventually he asks her to take a walk with him later that evening. she agrees. when class ends, she has to rush to her next class but assures him that she will she him later




22
Sven and isabel are just returning from a trip to spain where they visited isabel's parents. sven has a diamond ring her plans to propose to her with and he puts it in his pocket as they are in the airport. while going through security, he forgets to remove the ring from his pocket which sets off the millimeter wave detector. he is asked to empty his pockets so he takes the opportunity to propose to isabel right there in the middle of the security check. she's overwhelmed by the number of people watching so she immediately grabs her belongings and shoe and runs. sven worriedly follows and when he catches up with her, she tells him that she will marry him. they board the plane later in the first class and passengers who witnessed the proposal congratulate them, to isabel's embarassment




14
Maria and henry are students in college together and have been dating for some time. maria has been thinking of breaking up with henry for a few days because she is leaving to study abroad. during a lecture on aristotalian philosophy, maria and henry sit in the back. maria tells him she wants to break up since she's leaving to go abroad right after the lecture. henry is surprised and resists. ultimately, when lecture ends, they hug in tears. maria asks for her alpaca sweater back.




43
Simon and carina meet in a grocery store where they are both shopping for a barbeque. carina initiates the conversation, making a comment on cornish hens. they chat and help each other shop. when its time to check out, simon asks carina to dinner which she agrees to. he also buys her groceries for her, which the cashier finds annoying




21
Senna and alvira go to a very nice restaurant on the west coast together to celebrate the tomatoes she grew. although that is his stated reason, this dinner is actually a proposal. upon arrival senna gives a ring set with three yellow diamonds to the waiter. they order from the curated menu. the waiter brings out a cake for alvira with the diamond on it and senna proposes. she says yes and the restaurant erupts in cheers. she immediately texts her dad.




31
Mr. shelton and mr. gordon and both part of the aviation industry, mr. shelton being from a large corporation and mr. gordon being the ceo of a small but technologically advanced company. they meet at a restaurant so mr, shelton can propose a merger. mr. gordon is initially hesitant. his company and product is not suited the to the structure of a large company. but they negotiate and eventually he agrees to the 400mil merger. the deal is settled with a toast.




13
Emmanuella and liam have been fighting frequently and emmanuella has been thinking of breaking up with him for 5 months. unfortunately, they have to host a dinner party together so they go grocery shopping at what is described to be a high end health food store. as they are purchasing pasta emmanuella proposes and break up. liam thinks over this but is not surprised. while checking out at the only available checkout, he agrees saying that this is probably the best for both of them. emmanuella is happy to hear that he does not object and jokes about who the cat will go with when they split




32
Jeff and william are both in the wine industry. they meet by chance in a bar and agree to chat more at the boston airport where they both happen to have flights the next day. as they are going through security, jeff proposes purchasing wine from william at $800 for sampling for his clients, insisting that the steep discount will pay off when his clients sign a contract for 




