43
Grocery store. they are located in boston, harvard square was mentioned. simon paid for carina's groceries. carina was planning a bbq but ran late to her own party because she was talking so much with simon she lost track of time. simon asked carina to dinner. 




21
They are out to dinner at a restaurant on the pacific ocean. it seems like a fancy restaurant. senna gets ready to propose and hand the ring to the waiter. alvira orders oysters with a sauce and senna orders scallops. he says romantic things to her and they recount how they met. they enjoy the food. the waiter brings out a cake with the ring on the top, it has canary-yellow diamonds that were from senna's grandmother's ring. her eyes widen and she says yes. everyone in the restaurant cheers. the waiter pops open a bottle of champagne. 




22
They have been dating for 11 months and went on a trip to spain with isabel's family, where sven has gotten their blessing to marry isabel. they are in the airport going back home. he has the ring in his pocket. they take of their shoes at security, and isabel was wearing heels. once sven passes through the metal detector, the security guard tells him to wait and to take everything out of his pockets. he then gets down on one knee and proposes to isabel. she is embarassed by all the people staring, so she runs and sven follows her, still barefoot. after a while she says yes. they board the plane. 




34
They are students at a history lecture. the lecture is about augustus. the lecture hall is modern and has multiple projectors. charlie had heard about alma's startup idea and wanted her to collaborate with his investment club. he offered her an amount of money. they are both history majors. they go back an forth a bit on the price, but agree to an amount. 




33
Ms. bianchi has a cheese company and ms. morrison is the head of a grocery store chain, whose competitor is orange market. they go to the cheese section of the grocery store and ms. morrison inquires why they would need another brand of cheese. one of them picks up ketchup, crackers, and another few items and they go to the checkout line. ms. morrison writes a check for 23 dollars. they finally agree on a deal to stock the store with ms. bianchi's cheeses. ms. morrison has a small bottle of champagne in her purse and they open it in celebration. 




11
Thomas and sadie are dating. they are at an old-fashioned diner with black and white tiles. they ask the hostess for a booth in the back. the hostess is chewing bubble gum. thomas expresses that he wishes to break up with sadie. she is very upset. the waiter comes over and asks what they would like to order. thomas gets a burger with no tomatoes and saide gets a reuben sandwich. the menus are laminated and they choose familiar items. sadie asks how the reuben is before ordering it. thomas is having career struggles and wants to switch paths. he says he needs more time to figure out what he wants to do next. sadie says that they can just hang out less. she asks for her beatles poster and polaroid before storming out of the restaurant. thomas noticies that his burger doesn't taste good 




12
They are coming back home from a trip to jamaica. jessie has been wanting to break up with calvin for a while. she finds him boring. they are at the airport. he makes some comment about the bins at security. the line was held up due to security officers switching shifts. they are bickering as they walk to the gate. they board the plane but are in different rows thankfully. one in 36 and one in 33. jessie says that once they arrive back in america they should go their separate ways.




44
They are in a history lecture about egypt and mummification. leon believes he has seen ariana before. the classroom is in the basement so there is not much natural lighting. he sends her a note asking if she is from la because she looks familiar to him. she writes back no but maybe i got separated at birth from my identical twin. they exchange a few notes while the lecture goes on. he asks if she wants to go for a walk that night around 8. she instantly likes him and thinks he looks trustworthy when she first looks at him. the lecture ends and it is noon. she must head to class but tells him that she will see him tonight. they plan to meet outside of her dorm, the name of her dorm starts with a c. 




