33
Ms. morrison is the manager of a grocery store, but likes to meet for business in the area where she's doing business.  she meets with ms. bianchi, who's trying to sell her a variety of cheeses.  the store is busy and decorated for halloween.  ms. morrison hesitates when it comes to buying from ms. bianchi, who then informs her that it would be a good idea to have a variety of cheeses.  she offers to buy crackers and explains that the customers will want a variety of foods to eat with the cheese.  ms. morrison says the cheese is on her, and after more discussion, they agree to make a deal.  ms. morrison pays with a check, and opens a small bottle of champagne. she also buys ketchup and sparkling water for later.  ms. bianchi decides she likes doing business with americans.




24
Aaron and lana met in a lecture hall and fell in love.  aaron plans to propose in the same lecture hall, and carries the ring into class in his backpack.  they are in a chemistry class, and have been dating for two years.  the professor calls them down to the front of the class, aaron proposes, and lana says yes.  lana's ring has three red diamonds because she's avant garde.  once she says yes, she texts her sister to tell her the news.




42
David and anna are trying to catch their flights, when anna almost gets knocked over by a cart.  david saves her and makes a flirty quip about gymnastics.  anna's flight leaves in 35 minutes and david's in three hours, so he decides to help her get to her gate on time.  the line isn't long for security but there's a wait because of a malfunction.  they hurry to anna's gate, j37, and decide to eventually get dinner when they're both back in town.  anna makes her flight, takes a seat at seat 7d, and orders herself a glass of wine.




11
Thomas wants to break up with sadie, and has wanted to for two months.  he wants to focus on his career.  they go to a diner and sit down, order food, and thomas breaks the news to sadie, who does not want to break up and definitely did not see this coming.  she tells him she wants her beatles poster and sweatshirt back.




32
Jeff and william are making a deal.  their job titles are sales associate and wine buyer, and they met at a bar while complaining about the wine selection.  they have two hours to discuss business while waiting for their flights to boston.  initially, the offer is that they will buy the wine at half price and it's a much better deal than they offered their competitor.  finally, they agree to pay $400 for a $600 value.




14
Maria wants to break up with henry because she's doing a semester abroad.  the lecture hall is big, with a stage for the professor and 12 rows of seats for students.  the class is introduction to ancient philosophy.  they are learning about aristotle, specifically his words about categories.  maria breaks up with henry, and asks for her alpaca sweater back.  they have a final next week and the professor tells them to e-mail if they have any conflicting exams.




43
Simon and carina meet at a grocery store.  carina almost drops her keys.  they start flirting while looking at raw chicken.  they talk for a while, laughing, while carina shares she's planning for a cookout she's hosting.  they make plans to get dinner at a nearby restaurant that's beautiful in the summer, and simon pays for carina's food, before she realizes it's 430 and she's already late to her own party, and runs out, while the cashier rolls her eyes.




21
Senna wants to propose to alvira.  the restaurant has high ceilings, beautiful crystal chandeliers, and small tables with white tablecloths.  they order scallops and mussels.  they both love the food, especially the scallops.  also, the menus are small, with loopy letters describing the chef's picks for dishes.  senna proposes, alvira says yes, and she calls her father to share the news.




