24
Aaron and lana walked into their big lecture hall at princeton, the fanciest one with chandeliers. they had met in the same lecture hall years earlier. lana was distracted by her problem set and the professor winked at aaron. they sat down and the professor began to start lecturing. the class was intro to chem. they were talking about sodium and chloride ions. eventually the professor called aaron and lana up to do a problem. at this time, the professor went to the last slide of the power point, which was a photo collage of them. he opened up his notebook and the ring was sitting on the page. it was a ring with 5 red diamonds. all of their friends came in to congradulate them and the class applauded. the professor ended class early and reminded them of their midterm the following monday. 




12
Jessie and calvin were just returning from a vacation to jamaica and were on their way back to the united states. there had been some tension between them for some time because jesse had been thinking about breaking up with him for the past 5 months. calvin knew something was off but decided not to say anything and continue acting like everything was normal. they were in the security line when the security guards had to change shifts, which held up the line slightly. calvin commented how the airport was kind of shitty and he could've snuck a bomb in his shoe to which jessie freaked out and said she wanted to break up because she didn't think they were compatible. calvin didn't say anything for a while as they walked to their gate and eventually said that he thinks they should break up because he's tried to appease her this whole vacation and it wasn't being appreciated. he was sad but didn't want to show it. they got onto the plane and sat in different seats, 33a and 36f. they shook hands before going to their separate seats and jessie asked for her philosophy books to be returned when they got back. calvin shook his head in disbelief




34
Charlie and alma entered their class on archeology of rome. they were both into finance stuff and alma was doing a start up and charlie was a part of an investment group that wanted to invest in something new. they met at a party but charlie didn't want to wait until after class to make the deal so instead, they talked the entire time about their deal. the lecture hall was big and had bright likes and tables with outlets in front of the three projectors. they were talking about augustus that day. charlie offered half of what alma originally wanted to which she said no because it would move back her deadline and they needed all the funds to get started on the work that she wanted. they continued discussing and at the end of class they were the last ones to leave the room after the professor dismissed them, remind students that they had a midterm on thursday. charlie brought up the competitor something-tech and eventually agreed to invest the full amount that alma wanted. they shook hands and left.




13
Emmanuella and liam walked into a grocery store and were hosting a dinner party that night, which was poorly planned because they had been fighting a lot recently. emmanuella had been thinking about breaking up for about 3 months i think. they walked in and she picked up pasta and liam made a comment about it to which emmanuella said how he never helps cook anyways. she went to go get vodka sauce and olives. eventually she said that she wanted to break up because she felt like they were always fighting, this happened while they were on their way to the check out. there was only one lane open and liam looked off into the distance until he finally agreed that they should break up. emmanuella said it's what was best. they agreed they would still host the dinner party tonight and not tell anyone they broke up. emmanuella joked that the first person to do it would lose the cat, luna. emmanuella paid the 30 dollars for the groceries and they left.




42
David was at the kind of run down shitty airport 3 hours early for his flight. anna arrived late, about 30 minutes before her departure time with her suitcase half open. she noticed her shoes were untied and bent down to tie them. david was watching her and noticed that a luggage cart thing was about the run both her and her suitcase over so he went and pushed them both to the side, saving anna. anna was surprised and david asked if she was ever a gymnast because something about tumbling. she said that the tumble would've been a 0 or 1 at best and they continued to the security checkpoint. the line was short but they jumped to the front anyways because her departure time was close. they got held up because of an issue with the metal detectors. they found out they went to the same high school during this time. they went through security and anna was late so had to run off but before she did david asked her out to a date the following tuesday when they were both back in town. anna said yes and gave him a crumpled business card. david took her had and her bag and ran her down to her gate where she made it with 5 mintues to spare. she went in and sat down at her window seat 5f i think and sighed relief. her shoes were still untied.




31
Mr. shelton was the cfo of a really big airplane company that was international. mr. gordon was the ceo of a small company that focused on some more tech-y stuff that could potentially affect shelton's manufacturing business. they got dinner together to discuss the business deal. shelton initially offered gordon 6 million dollars to be a part of the company which he would help they expand internationally and gordon would be the head of his branch. they ordered off of the heavy felt menus and order steak and veil. gordon replied that his business wouldn't exactly work on a larger scale etc etc and they got their food at drinks, a martini and a manhattan. shelton rebuttled with an example of a similar company and how he's made it work for them in the past. they both were unsatisfied with their food but gordon was finally convinced and he rose his glass to make a toast and agree to making a deal with mr. shelton. 




43
Simon and carina ran into each other at a grocery store that was big and had tall warehouse-like ceilings, with lots of boxes of food. they were both in the meat section and wanted to talk to each other but didn't really know how. carina finally decided to shoot her shot by asking a really stupid question, which was, isn't this chicken cute. simon laughed and said it was cute and how it was probably the younger brother of this other chicken, then saying what a poor family. they both had barbeques that night so they got their meat and continued getting food. carina helped simon get some peppers for this thing she recommended and they eventually made their way to the check out lanes. there were 3 lanes open and they went to number 8. they somehow were laughing so hard at the magazines and eventually simon asked carina out on a date later that week. he ended up buying her groceries for her and the total was 56 dollars i think and he paid with card. carina realized she was late for her own bbq and rushed out thanking simon who thought it was cute. the cashier rolled her eyes and made comments. 




21
Senna and alvira had been dating for five years. senna decided to take alvira out for dinner supposedly becuase she grew the first tomatoes in their garden and senna thought they needed to celebrate but actually he was going to propose to her. he took her to a fancy restaurant on the beach that had floor to ceiling arched windows looking out at the ocean and really pretty chandeliers. it was one of the best restaraunts on the west coast. the menus were small and white and had cursive lettering. she went to the bathroom and senna gave the 3 canary diamond ring to the waiter. they ordered oysters in a parmesean garlic sauce and something else. eventually the waiter brought out a cake that had the ring on it and senna kneeled down and proposed to alvira. they loved the food and alvira said yes and start crying and the restaurant applauded. she said she needed to call her dad and tell him and they were happy.




