24
Aaron and lana met in this same lecture hall. aron seemed nervous when they sat. when the lecturer came, he wincked at aaron. the professor started giving his lecture on ion and how many bonds were in sodium. upon finishing he asked aaron and lana to come down and revise this lecture. lana was confused by this but then when they got down, aaron bent down on one knee and proposed to lana. she was crying with her hand on her mouth. she said yes and he sliped the ring on her finger. the entire class started clapping and their friends who were waiting out of the lecture hall came in and hugged them. once everyone left, the friends circled the couple and wanted to see the ring. 




34
Alma, ceo and founder of a startup and charlie, the fund manager of a company were in a class together. charlie's company was planning on investing in alma's startup and charlie wanted to make the offer. his initial offer was for half the price alma has asked for, $28000. charlie said that he will give the remaining half after seeing the results. alma said that this amount was not enough because they would not be able to show results without the full amount and will have to go to charlie's competito, churchill investors. charlie agreed to give the full amount since his company did not want to loose this investment opportunity. charlie and alma hugged as  way of confirming the deal. 




32
Jeff and william had come to the airport 2 hours before their flight to boston. they had met the previous night at a bar and realized that they worked in the same wine industry. william offered to jeff a price for the wine and jeff conunter with another price with a promise to make a bulk order in the future. while they were going through security there was a hold up due to some trolley issue. they came to a deal before going to their gates and decided to do the paperwork after landing. jeff went to his gate b2 and sat in business class seat c. 




41
James was reading a newspaper when he looked up and notice teresa. she was furiously tying on her phone and bumped into the resturant gate. james found this super amusing. they sat a seat across from each other. after some time james asked teresa if her forhead was ok. she asked him if he was ever bitten by a scorpian. james thought that teresa was probably having a concussion because of her odd question. he said no and teresa said that she had been and once you are bitten by a scorpian, small pains like bumping, dont hurt. they ended up talking more and teresa told him about her study abroad in egypt. james was going to an egyptian band concert later that night and they decided to go for that together. james realized it was 3pm and he had to leave so he paid for both their meals and left.




43
Simon and carina ended up entering a grocery store in boston together which looked like a warehouse. they both went to the meat section where they were looking for different types of meat cuts for their bbq in the evening. they both wanted to talk to each other but didnt know how. carina mustered the courage and pointed at a hen and said isnt this meat cute. james replied that yes it was cute and probably the youger sibling of the other smalled hen. they had further banter and ended up buying ribs, spices, sauces etc. for the bbq. they stood in isle 3 and went to counter 8. carina went there first and simon joined her saying i got this. their total came up to be $52 and simon paid with his card. they decided to meet another day and left the store. 




22
0




13
Things were rough between the couple. they couldnt seem to stop fighting. in the midst of this tension, they had decided to host this dinner for their friends later tonight. they were grocery shooping for the dinner when emmanuella said that she thinks they need to break up because they will be happier apart. she has been thinking about this for the past 2 months. liam was angry but he seemed to agree that they will be happier apart. by the time they got to the checkout line, he calmed down a bit and said that they could do this dinner tonight and then part ways. they talked shortly about who got to keep their cat luna and knew that this was going to  a longer conversation. 




11
They decided to go to a resturant that had black and white checkerboard floor, red booths and ceiling decorations. they sat in the booth at the back of the resturant. the menu was a laminated paper with silly names for the dishes. thomas ordered burger without tomatos and sadie ordered the ruben. due to their intense breakup conversation, sadie left the resutrant with her ruben. thomas had a bite of his burger and it tasted foul like fish. he wasnt sure if the taste was because of the resturant or his recent breakup. 




