Storyst_soc_boundaries/24_Story_Text





SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Lana walked into lecture holding hands with her boyfriend, Aaron, who was trying to contain his excitement and anticipation for proposing to Lana in this class. 

Lana was lost in thought, still puzzling over a calculus problem on her problem set due that night.

The lecture hall was the fanciest one at Princeton, with chandeliers, high ceilings, wood floors and a large projector screen where chalkboards used to be. 

This is where Aaron and Lana had met when they first started dating three years ago in freshman year, and now they were back together in the same lecture hall for a class they had chosen to take together. 

The professor caught Aaron's eye as he walked up to the front of the classroom and gave him a wink before the lecture began. 

Aaron flashed him a half-smile and nodded. 

The professor cleared his throat to begin the class and said,“Alright, good afternoon, everyone!

Last week we talked about the structure of the periodic table, and this week the topic is ions.

These are atoms or molecules in which the number of electrons does not equal the number of protons.

Now, let me get my computer set up, one moment, class.”

Lana pulled out her Calculus problem set and puzzled over it.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


While she was distracted, Aaron unzipped the small pocket in his backpack and pulled out the ring box.

He opened it up and looked at the ring.

Instead of one large diamond, there were 5 red diamonds embedded in a thick band. 

He knew Lana would like this because her style was more avant grad than traditional.

Aaron put the ring back into the bag as the professor began the lecture. 

“Recall from previous lectures that the number of protons determines the identity of the element. 

So for example, all atoms of sodium have 11 protons in the nucleus. 

And if you look on the periodic table, the atomic number for sodium, the symbol is Na, is eleven.”

Lana was taking notes while Aaron was texting all of his friends in the class to get ready for the proposal. 

Right after talking about how two ions bond into one stable molecule by covalent bonds, the professor stopped the lecture and asked Lana to come to the front of the class to do a demonstration. 

She walked to the front of the class confused, and the professor asked her to stand in the middle of the stage.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Then Aaron walked up and, taking Lana’s hand, got down on one knee. 

The professor quickly switched to the last slide on the powerpoint which was a photo collage of pictures of Aaron and Lana which Aaron had sent the professor previously. 

“It's time for us to make a bond of our own, Lana.”

He opens the small notebook he has in his hand and the ring is sitting on the page. 

Will you marry me?” 

Lana gasped and put her other hand to her mouth and started looking around the room as if trying to convince herself that this was really happening.

For a few moments everyone was in suspense waiting for the Lana’s shock to wear off and for her to answer. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


Finally, she said, “Yes!”

Aaron put the ring on her finger, and they hugged while the whole class clapped. 

Their friends came up and hugged both of them, and the professor gave Aaron a celebratory handshake.

They made their way back to their seats, Lana and Aaron hand-in-hand and beaming. 

When they got back to their seats, Lana pulled out her phone to text her sister. 

The professor then dismissed the class, saying, “That was enough excitement for today!

Don’t forget there’s a midterm exam next week on Monday on the material covered in the first 4 weeks of the semester.

As everyone was packing up their notebooks and leaving, Lana and Aaron were surrounded by their friends eager to get a glimpse of the ring and congratulate them. 

