Storyst_soc_boundaries/42_Story_Text





SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


David saw Anna for the first time when she burst into the airport frazzled with her bag skidding behind her half-zipped. 

He had three hours until his flight and been holding his laptop, reading, in the lobby, but she clearly had 35 minutes.

Anna’s yoga class had ran over, and afterwards, she, forgetting the time, had lingered to talk with friends. 

Despite Anna's frazzled state, David was instantly intrigued by her.

Anna, a few strides into the airport, suddenly realized her shoes were untied, so she hunched over to tie them.

David observed that someone with a tall cart of luggage was heading straight for where Anna was kneeling. 

Both Anna and the person driving the cart were oblivious to the impending collision. 


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


David had to intervene, and he ran in front of the cart pushing her out of the way just in the nick of time, and they tumbled on the airport floor. 

Anna, bewildered, looked up and saw the cart pass by and then looked over at David. 

He gave a smile back.

“Were you ever a gymnast? That was a nice tumble,” he said.

She managed a chuckle and said, “Actually yes, but I’d say that deserved a score of zero.

Wow- I almost got smooshed by that cart.”

Her head was still spinning as she stared at the handsome stranger who had saved her. 

David helped her up and had to keep holding on to her arms to steady her even once they were standing.

“I’m really late for my flight,” she said. 

“Don't worry,” said David, "let me help you get to your gate." 

He waved off her half-hearted protests. 

“Really , I have plenty of time and nothing better to do.”

They headed to the security line. 

The line was not long, but since Anna’s flight was so soon the security guard allowed them to go to the front of the line.

In this span of time, they managed to find out that they had gone to the same high school but Anna graduated 3 years before David. 

They hurriedly took off their shoes and coats.

Anna placed her purse and suitcase on the conveyor belt, and David put his backpack on the conveyor belt as well, with his laptop in a separate bin. 

Both of them went through the metal detector without any problems. 

As they were rushing to put their shoes and coats on, David asked her, “So when are you coming back?”

“In a week- it’s a short trip,” Anna replied. 

“Me too,” David said.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


He paused and after a thinking for a few moments finally said, “When we're back in town next Tuesday, is there any chance you'd want to get dinner?

I know we just met, but when life throws a luggage cart at you it seems like we should listen. “

She stopped packing, and said with a smile, “Yes I would love that.”

Then they ran off to Anna’s gate, J37, which was at the end of the terminal. 

David took her suitcase, grabbed her hand, and navigated quickly through the crowds of people.

Anna was amazed at everything that was happening; she had arrived at the airport doubtful that she would make it and was now confident that she would due to this handsome and kind man she just met.

As they approached her gate, Anna fished out a crumbled business card from her pocket and handed it to David, who handed her the suitcase.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


She gave him one last embarrassed smile, thanked him, and hurried away.

David looked at his watch which read 10:55 AM, 5 minutes before her flight was supposed to leave, and he took a deep breath of relief. 

She waved to the flight attendant who motioned for her to hurry. 

Anna got out her ticket and the flight attendant scanned it. 

Finally, she boarded the plane, sliding into her window seat 7D in business class. 

Barely containing her glee, she ignored the grumbles of complaint as she squeezed past the other passengers in her row and settled back in her seat. 

She was thankful that she had not only made it onto the plane in time, but also that she had been clumsy enough to forget to tie her shoes.

