Storyst_soc_boundaries/43_Story_Text





SOCIAL BOUNDARY 1


Simon and Carina noticed each other as they walked into the grocery store at the same time, their carts nearly colliding as they squeezed into the entrance.

They were both new to the Boston area, and this was their first time in this store. 

It kind of looked like a large warehouse, with high unfurnished ceilings, industrial lights, and large packages of food. 

They went off along separate routes, but soon ended up back together in the meat section. 

They were both preparing for barbecues, so they were looking over the same cuts of meat. 

Simon really wanted to talk to Carina, and Carina really wanted to say something to Simon, but they felt embarrassed striking up a conversation with a stranger.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 2


Carina suddenly turned to Simon and, pointing at a Cornish hen, asked, “Isn’t this meat cute?”

He laughed, and said, “It is very cute.

Probably the younger brother of this guy,” and he picked up a regular-sized chicken.

“Unlucky family,” she responded. 

They continued to chat as they picked out their groceries.

Simon helped Carina pick out the best ribs and his personal favorite barbeque sauce, and she helped him gather the  peppers, onions, and spices for a vegetable kabob she recommended.

When they were both finished shopping, they went to the checkout area.

Simon was disappointed to see that the lines were short, since he had been hoping for an excuse to spend more time with Carina.

They had real chemistry, and both of them could definitely see a future together despite having just met.

“So you haven’t been around the city much?”, Simon asked. 

“No, not really.

I’ve mainly been working and setting up my apartment.”


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 3


Simon asked her, “Ok well, if you’d like I could pick you up next weekend, and we could go around Harvard Square and get dinner.

There are a lot of great places around there, and it’s really nice during the summer.

The Harvard campus is also beautiful.” 

Carina smiled, “I’d love to: that sounds great!”

She quickly entered her number in his phone, since they only had to wait a couple minutes in line.

Then it was her turn to check out with the cashier. 

Simon, wanting to make a gesture of his affection, lifted up the divider on the conveyor belt and said to the cashier, “Actually these are together.

Carina, I’ve got it.

This was kind-of a date today.”

Carina blushed and laughed; she thought this was ridiculous but also very sweet. 

The cashier rolled her eyes when they weren’t looking, and she scanned the rest of his items. 

The total came to $120, and he paid with his credit card.

Carina thanked him, and they took the groceries and walked out.


SOCIAL BOUNDARY 4


As they were walking towards the exit, Carina reluctantly said goodbye since she was running late for the barbeque she was hosting that afternoon.

They hugged and parted ways, stealing glances at each other as they both walked back to their cars.

